Happy Monday to the DEMF Confederacy! I know these videos are going to be painful if there are multiple posts along the lines of, “Pray for Panda”. But, based on the title alone of the video, I am going to attempt this sober. I’ve got a cup of hot chocolate, because I’m a little kid at heart, fully charged headphones, a can-do attitude and my comfiest hoodie on. So, with all that being said, let’s go ahead and DIIIIIIIVVVVVVVVEEEEE into the depths of depravity that is JDS.Well, it’s Friday Eve and Joe has decided to upload a 40+ minute video. I feel nothing, well, let’s see if this is any good. I’m kinda not feeling this, so, if this is shitty, well, maybe I won’t post it? Maybe I should try something different? “Questioning every freaking decision I’ve made.” What the hell? Self-reflection, get that bullshit out of here. I come here for childish behavior, not actual growth. And now he’s recapping the home inspection video and his reaction. Great, I get to watch a worse version of your livestream, because, for some reason, you can’t talk in the truck without panting like an actor in their first porno, who believes that they’re really going to make it and become a star. In reality, just like them Joe, you’re going to end up giving blowjobs and handles behind the Burger King/Chevron combo gas station. “There were a lot of people that didn’t get it, and a few who did.” What was there to get? Please, oh mighty crafter of words, you Class A wordsmith. Pray, tell me what possible subtext was there that we missed? You were whining, bitching and moaning because your feelings were hurt. You admit it was immature, but still posted it. There’s nothing to get. God, you really are that dumbass freshman in Comp 101 who tries to put themes of murder, suicide, his atheism and hatred for “society” in a 500 word descriptive paper about a chair. “The thing that was lost on most people was the repairs I’m not doing.” Same question as above. “That video was about as real of a reaction as you could possibly get.” If my eyes rolled back any harder, they might get stuck. I know you’re full of shit, I don’t care. But for the love all this is holy, could you stick to a lie for more than five minutes and NOT contradict yourself in the next 45 seconds? Be better. Joe’s like, “Oh, I agreed to fix things, the roof, shingles, the breaker box…” No mention of the Quest piping, so far, I am doing this “live”. “I wanna rebuild these gates, better than they were before.” Well, if he just has to replace the boards, I could see him doing that successfully, remove, replace and nail. I mean, that formula worked for him in prison: remove the butt plug, replace with Peaches’ cock and get nailed. I’m making a lot of sex jokes. Hmm. 11 minutes in… “I should’ve been filming.” You have one job, one job: Produce shitty content. And you can’t even film on your phone? And now we’re getting him retelling the story of troubleshooting the outlet. I wonder what I did in a past life that cursed me to watch these shitty reruns? This story is still going for like eight minutes. This says sooo much about Joe and his “content”, he’s not interesting enough to do a livestream and not spoil the next video. Looks like the Hyundai is having issues… hmm, maybe you could’ve spent some money on a Toyota Highlander, maybe a 4Runner, something with a bulletproof reputation. Naw, fuck that noise, we need to look fancy! Nothing says baller like a 2021 Hyundai on a tow truck. I wish Joe would show himself doing something. Fucking moron bought nails that are too long and are sticking out through, um, something, either the 2x4s or the fence boards. Full disclosure? I’m watching at 2x and I don’t have it in me to rewind 10 seconds to find out. But regardless, how the fuck do you make that mistake? We’re never going to see this landscape work, are we? Probably because this is on Daddy’s property. I have to correct my mistake, we are going to see some of Joe’s “work”. I’m not a Class A contractor, but, um, I have eyes. This looks terrible, right? Like, the bottom isn’t level and, uh, why would you put new hardware on old wood like that? Shouldn’t you replace that so the gate doesn’t fall off? I’m now fully convinced this has to be Daddy’s house. There’s no way in hell any normal homeowner would accept that level of work. Fuck it, I’ve got time, I’m gonna go digging for that homeowner’s address. Why should a homeowner have to choose between gaps and the fence being level? Oh god, why, just why? “The day that just don’t seem to be ending, it’s 4:30…” Gosh, slow down Joe, you don’t want to work yourself to exhaustion. Again, I’m gonna ask this question, how the fuck does he have ANY fans who are working class/blue collar workers? He plays dress-up with your jobs and then whines about working until 4:30 in the afternoon. Great, he’s gonna do more prison role plays. “The homeowner doesn’t even want us to arch the top of the gate, he likes it better squared off.” I’m sure that’s the reason. It couldn’t be that if you tried to cut an arch into that gate, you’d somehow make it look like a Dali painting. AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA God, this is too fucking good. Class A Joe can’t even count the number of fence boards he needed to do this job, has already used up all the wood he has, and STILL has to go get more. “I’m definitely going to lose money on this job.” Maybe there’s a TikTok video on estimating job costs you could watch? Maybe one with some shirtless construction workers? Wow, just wow… If this was the quality of work in my portfolio, i would NEVER show anyone. I would be embarrassed to show this. Joe, it’s building a gate. This isn’t rocket science, I get that it takes skill and talent, but they’re not asking you to build flying buttresses (haha, only architectural term I know). It’s a fence. “We probably need like 50 more fence boards.” I wasn’t really feeling this review and then Joe came in at the end and made me smile. Oh, but he can’t afford it, so the homeowner pays you, and you underbid, under buy and are going to leave the homeowner with an Oreo looking fence? Wow, you are just awful. Joe thinks the problem is he’s too nice and giving too low of a quote. No, that’s not it, dumbass. You didn’t go out and, I don’t know, if only there was a way to figure out how many fence boards you were going to need… Maybe, and hear me out, maybe you could like, visit the property and take some kind of inventory of the amount of boards, like, a… count, yeah, maybe you could count them! Conclusion Even if Joe makes money on the flip, everything else he does is going to cause him to go bankrupt.

“The inspection had gone well.” Hmm, no, that’s not the first thing I want to start with, I want a good zinger, shit, I’ll leave this here. It makes me seem more personable and not some frigid bitch who gets off on watching Joe fail. “I’m thinking about how I want to explain all this.” Allow me to translate from Guerrero to English: I’m so fucked and not in the big black cock kind of way, and, because I’m an absolute moron, I haven’t had time to come up with a lie. And I know that fucking cunt of a Panda will probably find a way to let everyone know what happened, so I have to make this video, so I’m gonna improv this. There’s something about watching Joe start to use substances, drink and gamble again that, and I should probably NOT admit this, but it warms my heart, just a little bitty bit to know he’s going to go back to being an addict. Dark? Yeah, but let’s be honest, you know what you were getting when you clicked my post ❤️ Ahh, for those of you who don’t have an MBA, this is something they teach you in B-School: it’s always a good idea to call your realtors right after receiving bad news and being drunk. That’s some big brain moves right there. God, if he’s admitting this… do I want to pour some wine and go all Nelly Furtado on this? And by that I mean, turn out the lights (that’s a reach). This feels like a DEMF-C erotic novel. Oh, this is gonna be an erotic video. JPG got a Honey-Do list from the buyer. I need a moment to savor this. “When you submit a list like this, you say, ‘ok, they might not fix everything, but you’ll hope they address some of the things.’” Be right back, O M F G. AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA… wait… AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA OMFG Joe, you absolute moron. This might be one of the funniest things I’ve heard, in like, forever. You think someone who is going to potentially be spending $250M on your shitbox of a house is going to give you a PICRA list and settle for some of it? Holy fucking shit, dude, Joe, and I mean this with all sincerity (ignore the tears from me laughing) you need to go rob a liquor store and get sent back to jail where you can have a modicum of success. You’re like a level 68 warlock trying to enter Black Temple, you are not prepared for the real world. Yeah Joe, that’s how things work in the real world, like when one of our underwriters sends a list of things to a potential borrower and says, “Give us these if you want your money.” Yeah, we’ll settle for 80%. Holy fuck, dude, I almost feel bad, like I’m pushing a developmentally disabled kid down some stairs, but damn, wow. The List 27 things. AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA I just wanna savor this. Like, I wanna celebratory dinner. I’m… my neighbor is probably wondering why the fuck so much giggling and cackling is coming from my home office. My dog is just looking at me like I’m the biggest fool for laughing this much. Ok, breathe Aly, you’re only six minutes in, focus. Pick the good stuff and just do that. I hope, with every fiber of my being that this is one of you that did this. That took Joe’s videos and just made a list and said, “Send him this.” “Can I be mad at myself for the quality of work that was done in the house? We’ll get to that.” Oh, I bet we will. I’ll save you some time, the answer to that riddle is yes. Yes, Joe, you can and should be mad at yourself. The DEMF owns you, to quote Shaq when he was talking shit to Kobe (RIP). How’s the DEMF’s ass taste? “There are things that I didn’t think that they would find, that they did.” You can stop recording right there. Joe, allow me to deliver the killing blow to your ego, that right there is why you’re a fraud, a lowlife piece of shit, the lowest of scumbags who has no place in society, that sentence right there encapsulates your douchecockery better than I could ever hope to do. I’mma say this real slow for you, fucktard. YOU KNEW THERE WERE PROBLEMS. A realcontractor doesn’t hope to skate by. A real contractor makes sure their work is good. A real contractor doesn’t rely on shitty inspectors to sell their work. You are nothing. Please, die. Kthxbye! Joe, you should absolutely film you talking to the home inspector. When has being childish and immature stopped you from doing anything? “You see this home inspectors on TikTok and how they critique the shit out of a house when they know that it’s flipped. I feel like that was done in this particular case.” How the hell am I going to get through this? You’re giving me too much to work with, too fucking fast. God, ok, so we’re back to TikTok University for Joe’s knowledge of home inspectors. But then, rather than applying that knowledge, and I don’t know, doing a good job. Babble Vila here decides to do a shit job. Oh, and of course it has to be a conspiracy. Dude, you need to slow the fuck down on your drugs. “If you’re doing half-assed work, it deserves to be addressed.” I’m going to have a stroke. This is like he’s reading my commentary, but thinking it’s defending him. What the fuck kind of Bizarro/Upside Down world are we in?!? Help me, Obi Wan Kenobi. THE HOME INSPECTION IS 81 PAGES LONG I’ve seen Phase 1 environmental studies on oil properties that are shorter than that. I’ve seen business acquisition valuations that are shorter than that. Forget this being DEMF erotica, we’ve jumped to hardcore DEMF porn now. And not the front page of PornHub, no, this is the porn you get after you allow auto play for an hour or two. We’re now watching a guy in a rabbit mask fuck a girl wearing a Ronald Reagan costume, reading from the Communist Manifesto while another girl barks and licks peanut butter off a plunger. “I’m not doing them all.” Oh, honey. The problem is, and you really only have yourself to blame for this, oh and everything else, but now that you know these are issues, you either have to fix or disclose them. Joe, you made this bed, now you get to lie in it, but like Midnight Oil, that bed is burning. Damn, that chimney looks like a little wobbly. Might want to get that fixed, but the real piece de resistance is the “Recommend correction by a qualified licensed contractor(s) as needed.” That is just so sweet, that sentence is lying me back on the bed and slowly making love to me, that’s how wonderful that is. I wish I could do a word count for how many times “substandard” appears in that report. And bam, there it is! The inspector caught Joe’s wobbly-ass floors. And another request to have an licensed contractor fix it. I want to buy this home inspector a nice, real, wagyu dinner. Jesus tap dancing Christ. Did Joe seriously install kitchen cabinets without shelving? Wow, just when I think Joe can’t get any lazier, he finds a way to lower the bar. Too bad he’s so fat, he could give Hermes a run for the limbo champion title. “I left the shelving there as a courtesy.” Um, Joe, I’ve never gone to a place and had to install my own shelves. Wow. Ok, side note: I am in love with how mad he’s getting. I know, I know, it’s horrible for me to be reveling in this, but it is SOOOOO satisfying that Karma tagged out Peaches and Cherry for a turn at that ass. And now it’s the window’s fault that it was put together poorly. Who here works at the window factory? “Did I do a horrible job?” Nope, it’s the children that are wrong. “Most of this shit has nothing to do with me.” Actually, all of it has to do with you. You know, since you’re the one lying about being a contractor and claiming you do quality work and demand perfection from yourself and others. Joe, I’m not hoping that you fucked this house up completely. I know you did. We watched you. God help me, I watched you. A deteriorating support for the house, “I ain’t fixing that.” I think we can translate all of these, “I’m not fixing that” to, “I don’t have the money to do that” or, my fave, “I’m not really a Class A contractor and this shit actually needs someone with talent to resolve.” It’s amazing what happens when someone who isn’t Joe takes pics of the roof. Sure looks bad to me. Oooh, now for the Quest plumbing… “They want that replaced and that’s not gonna happen.” Joe, this may be the first time you’ve ever made a woman cum. Those words are music to my ears. I need a cigarette. Joe, the reason you would replace it is because it’s at timebomb. Now, I know you’re a fake Class A contractor, so you know all that, but it’s also a good idea to do high quality work. NGL, I would love to see Joe try to replumb the house. Can you imagine the laughs we’d get with Dr. Fraudstein and Methgor here trying to run pipes? “Who’s going to do that?” A good contractor. See how easy these questions are, Joe? It’s almost like I studied for the test that is real life, and you’re on the short bus trying to copy off of Snotsy and hoping for a D. A grade, not a big black dick, but I’m sure you’ll find one of those too. Goody, ungrounded wire, with my fave pull quote, “This wiring is considered dangerous by most insurance companies today, making it hard to insure home and buildings that incorporate it.” Guess what, that right there kills any deal. You will HAVE to have proof of insurance before a loan is finalized and if you can’t insure, no bank will fund it. He would mention it, Joe, because if it’s there, it’s probably elsewhere in the house and probably connected. I seem to remember some interesting issues with your fans and lights. Whatever, let’s keep going, we’re barely halfway through. In my wildest dreams, I never thought I’d see Joe so filled with rage and despair. I had hope the universe would right itself and bitch slap him the way he deserved. But if you’d told me six months ago that I’d be here, watching this Chernobyl-style meltdown, I’d have called you crazy. We should all pat ourselves on the back and enjoy this. “So many things that they try to make a mountain out of a mole hill with.” If they’re little things Joe, why don’t you handle them? You’re used to handling your little Class D cock? Should be easy. Again, I don’t want to harp on you… who am I kidding, I love ripping you apart like this. Again, if they’re little things, fix them, Good Charlotte. But you don’t because you’re lazy. “Should I ever do flips again?” Nope. I wish all my classes had been this easy. How the hell do you fail at installing a dishwasher? There’s instructions that come with, I’d be willing to bet there are even TikToks that would show you how to do it. Why would they cut you any slack, especially after seeing the rest of your, um, I’ll be charitable and call it, “work”. And Joe, they aren’t there to jerk you off, get Methgor to do that if you need a handy. Their job is to inspect and inform the buyers of potential issues. But I’ll give you a tip for free: do better. If you do better work, you won’t have these issues. This final quote, just oh my god, I need another cigarette. This is soooo good. Minimal? That’s what you think about an 81 page report? Even if i give you the benefit of the doubt and say, 50% of that is nitpicking, that’s still 40 pages of shit you fucked up. God, they should find a way to use Joe’s ego to reinforce ships’ hulls. Nothing gets through that, well, not yet anyway. “Did I do a messed up job? You know I didn’t.” I just have to laugh, god this is so good. “Everyone else I know you’re super proud of me and I’m super proud of myself too.” I guess the easy question would be to ask why? But the better question would be, “Do they have YouTube in mental institutions for the developmentally disabled?” Cause that’s your fan base. Listening to Joe saying he’s not doing most of this list, guess this deal is done. “I’m tired of bending over backwards for these buyers.” I’d like to nominate this for the most, i don’t even know, un-self-aware comment? That line deserves to be in the hall of fame for dumbest things Joe’s ever uttered. Joe’s not going to insulate the pipes under the house. Even though he knows it should be done. I know I say this a lot, but what a piece of shit. Conclusion I wish we were all together, watching this, then going to a bar to celebrate. Oh, and since you’ve made it this far, you know I’ve saved the best for last…’ This house is now under contract, suck it Joe

Happy Sunday, hope everyone had a good weekend and has relaxed and recharged for the week ahead. It’s been a while since I bothered with an actual APS recap, so let’s see how this goes. Under a minute in and I’m disgusted. He’s wearing a shirt with the first three buttons undone. I’m guessing it’s because it doesn’t fit… “I ought to not be poking so much fun at people who are locked up and drawing their mugshots.” Gee Davey, you think? I can’t imagine why a channel that was originally about getting out of prison, getting your life on track and bringing awareness to others who are locked, i can’t imagine why the audience of that channel would have an issue with you being a cock bag? And three minutes in and Joe throwing some gay shade. I think I could program an AI to do these recaps for me. Hey Siri, insert a closeted gay Joe joke here. “Hey, Hack Murphy, anytime you want to come out of the closet is cool with us. You might be able to get some sponsorship deals. I’m sure there’s like a gay Farmer’s Only out there.” Joe going through this kid’s mugshots smacks of Joe being thirstier than a guy wandering through a desert. Jesus Joe, how are you talking with that erection? Oh for fuck’s sake, another fucking ASMR. (Remember, you love the DEMF Confederacy, you love the DEMF Confederacy) Joe’s audio transitions smack of a freshman theater tech kid’s first time using a soundboard for their high school’s production of Pirates of Penzance. The more Joe does this ASMR and his creepy AF whisper voice, the more convinced I am that he should never be allowed within 500 feet of a school. Something really disturbing about Joe going off on this guy for being horrible for being a peeping Tom. Yeah, it is horrible, we got it the first time. You keep going on and on about it, why is that Joe? The lady doth protest too much. Besides Joe, you’re not fooling anyone, you literally sold porn in prison (allegedly). One of the most exploitative industries for women and you were dealing in it, so get off your high horse. A. Because you have no room to talk about being disrespectful to women and B. I don’t think it can support your weight. 14 minutes in, watching at 1.75x, god, make it end. Joe’s making a point to salivate over the straps holding the guy in. “You ain’t going nowhere buddy.” Way too creepy. “Yo, man’s got some nice lips.” Hey Siri, another gay joke, please? “Just a cute little nose.” Hey Siri, you got me? Do you think Joe gets done with this drawing and takes it inside and asks his wife if this one is good enough to make the fridge? Yeah Joe, I’m sure you’re great at drawing creeps. Draw what you know and all. I got to give Joe credit, this is great, almost as good as those carnival caricature artists, you know the artists that are on just enough meth and have just enough teeth that they can be seen in public? “This guy’s not sorry, he’s a freaking predator.” Careful Joe, your audience might get confused about whom you’re speaking. Conclusion Def some vodka therapy tonight.

Happy Friday to the DEMF Confederacy… and yes, even to you spies from the ATM Army. All are welcome here, even Joe. Hmm, only a 24 minute video, Joe’s being nice to me. At the Flip “Everything’s here, nothing’s missing.” Damn, how bad does your stuff have to be that a methhead won’t steal it to pawn? Everything’s coming up Guerrero! Did this lazy fuck really go and get Damen to climb up into the attic to spot the leak? Which, btw, didn’t Damen already say there was no leak? Oh no, what if Damen is a DEMF too? Joe, you need to be careful, them trolls be everywhere! “I’m gonna get Damen to inspect the attic, I already inspected it, but two sets of eyes are better than one.” Generally, yeah, just not your coke eyes and whatever the fuck Methgor’s got going on. “I don’t like people talking bad on my house now.” I haven’t even started, but I can’t imagine you two, whom I’m now calling “Hackl and Jackal”, have done anything close to quality work. I’d bet you an actual piece of wagyu beef that I could come in, with no construction experience, and do any one of those things better than you, and it’d take less time. The elephant in the room, or I guess the other elephant in the room, is that if you’d done a good job, why would any inspector have ANY issue whatsoever with it? Like, let’s just assume you did actual good work, there’d be no reason for an inspector to lie. But in order for your conspiracy theory to even be remotely true, they had to find a home inspector willing to lie, risk losing their license, just to get out of buying your shitbox of a house. K. “Just tell me the truth.” I’ve been telling you the truth for five months and you still get irritated, Joe Hackman. Shut the fuck up, you lost out on a deal. Wait, you’re a contractor, so why don’t you get down off that cross (don’t think it’s load bearing anyway) and use the wood to build a bridge and get over it. Joe, who taught you the word “meticulously”? That’s cute, he thinks he’s people. Three minutes in and we’re already getting Joe preparing to throw Damen under the bus. Rather than write, “Nawt eh Leek” or however the fuck you’re going to butcher the English language, why don’t you spend the $20 and put down some new wood? That’d be a better idea. Fucking hell, you should name your new contractor business Hackintosh. I’m so glad the rest of the world doesn’t operate on Joe’s logic, we’d be lucky to be living in caves. Yeah Joe, the home inspector set you up for failure, not you, nope, you’re Class A Joe. Fuck this is so infuriating. Can you tell? I think I’m making far more fat/mean jokes than normal. But like Joe’s BMI, they’ll probably keep increasing the longer the video goes. Back at Home “I hate that I have to be this close to this lens to look good.” Joe, you can put the lens cover on at anytime and make this an audio podcast and I guarantee things would improve. Well, maybe not, because listening to a Pantasaurus is probably not what anyone wants to hear. I’m so fucking ready for this livestream. What do I think the audio sounds like? It sounds like a 40 year old, um, man, I guess, trying to hang on to any relevance he thinks he may have. Also, you sound like if obesity and diabetes started a podcast about terrible home repair ideas. We’ll call it the HackSausage Show. (They aren’t all gonna be winners) If Joe was actually making money, he could just get a body mic. But that’s not for poor people like Joe. Am I really watching an audio test? I think the last time I thought these were interesting was back in high school for my Theatre Tech class. Yes, I was a dork then and I’m a dork now. Can someone tell me why Joe leans forward in his chair, like some kind of wanksta lean? Is it because he’s envisioning the mic as just a gigantic black cock? Or did no one teach him how to sit in a chair? “It should be illegal to sell houses like that.” From the mouth of babes, to quote the good book. “I don’t know a lot about fire distressed properties…” “Fire Distressed Property” is the: A. Name of Joe’s Ass When His Herpes Flares Up B. The State of the APS Empire or C. All of the Above? Is Joe foreshadowing that he’s going to owner finance the Flop? “Forget doing the flips and doing work that’s maybe not like the greatest.” Honey, you need an editor, you spilled a little bit of truth in the shitffle (supposed to be a soufflé, pun, whatever) that is JDS. Conclusion Happy Friday to everyone!

Happy Hump Day! Well, it’s happy for the DEMF Confederacy! Let’s do this. Also, new drinking idea: every time Joe says/implies that something isn’t his fault, take a shot. For those of you left alive, let’s get it done. Intro “Is the leak caused by the storm?” You do know how roofs are constructed right? Unless you had a tornado, you’re not suddenly springing leaks because of one day of showers and some mild wind. God, only a minute in and I’m bored out of my mind. Maybe I should send in some more fake offers? Joe’s going to go the flip to cut up the tree, so that’ll give him content for the next few weeks. Joe’s trying to explain hetero relationships and it’s as awkward as you’d think. Not to be too petty, but I love the fan art behind Joe is all of him being skinny Joe, why do you care if you lose some extra money? You’re already losing a ton of money, what’s another few grand? Flaky bitch? I’m insulted, at least call me a cunt. “Who gives a fuck?” Obviously, you do. “Every deal I’ve ever been in, the seller has gotten the home inspection. I’ve been the seller a lot of times.” By my count, you’ve sold three houses. But please keep talking like you’re some kind of real estate mogul. Hmm, I already used Carlton Sheets, naw, no nickname for this one. I love Joe pretending like he’s doing real estate deals all over. You know, whenever I’ve sold a car, I’ve always gotten a copy of the PPI, now, sure I’ve only sold, um, 1 car, but the point stands! I could run a dealership! “According to Google, you don’t have to give it to them.” I have a feeling Joe’s last words will start with, “According to Google…:” God, are you still rambling about the informational purposes only inspection? Joe, for the last god damn time, I wanted an informational purposes inspection, wait, I mean, the buyer wanted that so they could use the information as part of their negotiations. (This is gonna drive the ATM Army nuts) Why would they have to give you the chance to correct things? That proves that you didn’t do a good job the first time around. We’re six minutes in, if you were taking shots for the new drinking game, you’re probably dead. “I been gamblin’” Joe’s been making big money moves, he won enough money to buy a chainsaw. The decline and fall of the Guerrero empire is gonna be fun. Three fucking minutes so far of him recounting his $100 win. At the Flip Listening to Joe rambling about going back to other offers and getting emotional is all the proof you need Joe is a failure. Joe, you never let emotions get involved in business. Joe is really pinning his hopes on the idea that the electrical issue is in the garage. This’ll be satisfying AF when that rug gets pulled out from him. Can we take a moment to shout out the house stagers? They might be undercover DEMFs, with the way they did this clock. Also, random aside, assuming the clock is accurate, Joe, you lying about the time you got over there. yawn listening to Joe try to talk about the RE market is so tiresome. And, omg I might have some rants in me, what the fuck does “momentum” matter when selling a house? This is such a bullshit idea. If that actually existed, you’d see people constantly listing and de-listing houses to get this magical “momentum”. You’re not getting offers because it’s a shit house, Joe. You’re not getting offers because I can buy a comp for $170. That’s why, not some magic bullshit. God, you’re one step away from waving Peaches’ magic wand and screaming, “Accio Buyers!” I can’t handle this level of stupidity. “The only opinion that should matter, is that of the potential buyer.” And it is the only opinion that mattered. Dear lord, do you not understand that normal people, not you, but the rest of us form our opinions based on data, experiences, thoughts, etc. What you want is for the inspection to just be done, and never discussed with anyone. Well, Joe, that’s not an inspection, that’s just a video tour of your Mud Mansion. I’d have so much more respect for you if you’d just say, “Look folks, I’m trying to get one over here, so I need fewer DEMF inspectors.” At least you’d be an honest shit bag. Well, that can’t be good. He’s filming in the attic like he’s directing a mid-2000’s slasher flick, jerky movements and never quite letting us see what’s up there. “This shit is not wet at all, right?” There’s no way for us to feel it through the screen, dumbass. This logic is impeccable, “well, the floor is dry now, I ain’t seeing no leak, there can’t be a leak, cause the floor is dry now.” Do you think that Raney gets out of fights with him by covering her eyes so Joe thinks she’s disappeared? I mean, the rest of his behavior is childlike, might as well try that. Joe you wouldn’t know what super wet is. Joe making all these excuses reminds me of being in college and trying to talk myself into thinking I’d passed a test. I love this home inspector. That DEMF knocked up Joe’s walls lol. “If that is the leak, it’s not the end of the world, it’s not that bad.” Joe, you’re missing the point. There shouldn’t be ANY leaks, say it with me, a roof keeps the outside away from the inside. I even made you a cute little rhyme, since we know you love to rap, Peanut Eminem. “This is one of them home inspectors I fear, right? Some guy just coming in here, trying to find everything.” That’s their job? Oh, my bad, you want the Joe Guerrero-style home inspector, the one who doesn’t even have his license, got it! “But find some real shit, don’t be making shit up cause this lady says, ‘Oh, I don’t want the house no more, so help me get out of this.’” I know I made the joke about the drinking game, but this is two, extremely long videos in a row where I’ve had to listen to him whine about things not being his fault. It’s so tiring. I think it’s hysterical that Joe is buying into the conspiracy that the home inspector wasn’t real. The entire world is against him, with these, “Wild allegations.” “Basically, with anything, I try to do an investigation…” AHAHAHAHAHA Wow, my inspector really got into Joe’s head. Listening to Joe talk about doing inspections and he’s acting like Sherlock Holmes. Joe, you’re not even Watson. At best, you’re Wikipedia Brown. You ain’t even on the level The Babysitter Club, although, I could see you being into The Hardy Boys. Watching Joe getting into the tree and all I can think of is Wiley Coyote cutting tree branches, cutting the one he’s on and not falling until he looks down and holds up an, “Uh oh” sign. Did he just leave the chainsaw in the branch? No words. I’m no Class A contractor or manual laborer, but it can’t be a good idea to hump it to pull it out when stuck. How is it watching Joe play with a chainsaw is boring? I think it’s because I know he survived and likely has all his limbs. Because if he makes a video about a splinter, can you imagine the whining we’d get if he lost a finger? What an absolutely pathetic, lazy, piece of shit. He’s going to cut up the tree and hide it in the back of the yard. The garage has been broken into again, yup, Joe, I can see why someone would pay a quarter million for this. Lovely neighborhood and all. Wanna know how Joe knows he’s not getting rid of that house anytime soon? He still has his landscaping equipment in the garage. You’d think you’d want to get that out since you’ll be closing on this house in the next day or two.

Oh Joe, we meet again. And you’ve threatened me with a 46 minute video. Ugh, alright fine, I’ll make you a deal: you don’t make this 46 minutes of ASMR and I won’t make as many gay homeless hobo jokes, deal? Intro We’re starting off with a closeup of Joe’s hair. Y’all remember that episode of The Office where Creed dyed his hair? Yeah, I’m getting major Creed vibes. “First Monday where I’m not working at the flip house.” How do you explain the other Mondays? Joe, I support you becoming a professional gambler. Fuck me, I’m falling asleep already I like Joe dropping this life advice like, “You have to get dressed in the morning, or you’re gonna be lazy all day.” looks down at pjs and hoodie Naw, that’s just you. This is the official outfit of WFH. Clothes don’t dictate that much, if they did, your LL Bean, blue collar cosplay would have helped you level floors, and we see how that worked out. Speaking of working out, or the lack thereof, bets on how long before Joe says anything about him going to the gym and getting in shape? I give it by Friday. It’ll be another thing we can watch him fail at. (Ooh, am I being cattier than usual? Maybe) God, this is gonna take forever. Please explain to me, Joe, how you think Flop 3 is a lock to appraise at $256 but $260 is iffy? I’m not in the mortgage industry, but $4M isn’t that big of a deal, in fact, you could probably get a second appraiser to give you $260. Something’s not right, I mean, we know he’s lying, but this is what happens when someone who knows fuck-all about finance tries to lie to people who do. He’s way too excited for new shoes. Wait, how did Joe get a VA loan? I mean, I know he “served” but he didn’t really serve. Please, someone explain that to me. Gosh, it’d be a real shame if there was some way to contact the Office of the Inspector General for VA. And it’d be a real shame if that information was posted to a public subreddit. And it’d be even more of a shame if that information could be found here: https://www.va.gov/oig/hotline/default.asp and lastly, if’d be a Shakespearean tragedy if people were too lazy to click that link, so some snarky bitch said, “This is the number, 1 (800) 488-8244 “ I’m sure that’d never happen. No fucking way someone is putting down $25-50M on this for a conventional loan. I saw some people talking about FHA is only for first time homebuyers, and it’s not exactly the case. It’s still a scummy thing to do, considering he bought the house when he was making bank. I bet he wishes he’d just paid cash for it, but whatevs. I’m more concerned about him getting a VA loan. That’s an interesting little tidbit, why is Joe not going to be living in his historical property? I bet I know why ;) After a quick bit of research on the “Inspection for Informational Purposes Only” which one of you is making this bullshit offer? Seriously, I respect the hell out of you. If anyone would like to read more about it, this link is fun: https://www.massrealtylaw.com/post/beware-buyers-bearing-informational-purposes-only-inspection-contingencies “I’m not trying to see you a house with any issues.” Did I have a stroke? Am I insane? Did I imagine the last five months? Why would you reschedule a home inspection due to weather? Seems like the perfect time to inspect that death trap. In the Cuck Shed Joe’s adding insulation to the shed, sounds like someone’s gonna be living out there. I remember joking about Joe living in there this year, I hope we see that. Why are you nervous Joe? You’re Class A Joe, you did everything up to code. Oh, sorry, you didn’t do any of that and you’re not a real contractor. God, I’m halfway through this and this is so fucking tedious. There’s little drops of gold, but it’s so much mud to get through. Still waiting for content. Kerouac Joe Rambling Oooh, that was some delicious irony right there. “I don’t know what home inspector that is, that guy don’t even have any credentials on his vehicle.” Maybe he got his home inspector license where you got your Class A license? Tell me Joe, did you have to study at Hogwarts to get your imaginary license or was it a correspondence course? So many caveats about the weather yawn Post Inspection “Supposedly there’s a leak and an electrical issue, and because of that, the buyer is probably going to pull out of the deal.” God, I want to draw a bubble bath, turn off the lights, grab some wine and listen to that on repeat, nothing says sexy like, “electrical issues.” On a serious note, assuming this buyer even existed, that’s fucking hysterical. The universe might be righting itself. Alpra, you were so right, the second half of this is good. “Now, I consider this a bit of karma…” Hmm, you think? What do you think painting over black mold, ignoring the Quest plumbing, the unlevel floors, the death trap walkway, the goofy electrical issues, yeah, I could see why that would be karma. But wait, Joe’s not done “To a certain degree, although I don’t really feel like I fucking deserve it.” Damn, so close to achieving personal growth that wasn’t on your waistline. Joe, do you read my recaps and think, “Not only am I going to prove her right, I’m going to become a parody of myself to drive her insane?” Cause it’s not working, this is way too funny that even at 40, with all the fucked up shit you’ve done, you still don’t think you deserve it. I’m gonna cut this rant short and make it easy for you to understand. Joe, you deserve all of this. I love how Joe’s actions make him look like the kid that got caught with his hand in the cookie jar, but his words make it seem like it’s no big deal. I’m giggling way too much. Oh, the electrical was sound? You moron, electrical deals with lighting, not audio. Haha, but in all seriousness, that’s like me saying the electrical is good, I know fuck all about electrical work, I can barely change a switch or outlet. Joe’s gonna go do his own inspection. You know, you could just read the inspector’s report. “Did they find a better house?” If they looked at Zillow, then yes, yes they did. AHAHAHAHAHAHA Joe’s pissed off, I love when the universe fucks over assholes like Joe. Ooh, here’s his rant, this should be good. Right, Joe, it’s for informational purposes only. What do you think a regular inspection is for? You were thinking, without having done any research, that you’d get someone who would see the issues and be like, “Oh, ok, where do I sign?” Poor Joe, it’s sad when morons try to play in areas where they have no business being. But with Joe, it’s just fucking funny. And I know a few mortgage/real estate professionals who laugh their asses off at him. “What if it’s a bunch of nothing?” Electrical and leaks? Yeah, those are nothing issues. The tree fell… AHAHAHAHAHAHA And he’s blaming the inspection for being done in the rain, this is fucking great, I love everything about this. “I truly feel like the electrical issue is probably in here, right?” Wow, that statement is all of Joe’s anxiety in one sentence. Joe, sweetie, and I mean that in the most condescending way possible, why would the inspector point out an electrical issue that would cause the buyer to pull out in a building being sold as-is? I’m not saying they wouldn’t, but that wouldn’t be the one I’d be worried about, but you know what, you keep living in your dreamland, it’ll make the coming breakdown and rage all the sweeter to watch. “It’s cold, i don’t even wanna go up under there.” I thought you were ranting about how you were gonna do an inspection of your own and you were going under there to get to the bottom of the issue, what changed? Oh, you couldn’t get ahold of Damen, never mind, carry on my weight ward son. And Joe then tracks mud into the flip. Maybe he’s leaving it there for later? And now he’s leaving, after being at the flip less than five minutes. “I don’t see anything, you know pressing.” Well, that settles it then, Class A Joe says it’s A-Ok! “And even if I did see something pressing,what the fuck could I do about it right this second?” I don’t know, use your Class A skills to diagnose and come up with an action plan? New drinking game: take a shot every time Joe blames the inspection taking place in the rain for his problems. “We got confirmation that the leak was in the attic, I should’ve gone over there while I was there, but I didn’t want to track any more mud upstairs.” What happened to everyone having to take their shoes off to go upstairs? Also, didn’t you throw all your money at this, you’re telling me you’re not willing to climb some stairs and a ladder in your socks to save your investment? Hmm, it’s almost like you’re full of shit. I guess I should address the inspection taking place in the rain. I love this, Joe, you know that weather isn’t always perfect, but that you for proving that what you want is to just get one over on someone and then the weather can be bad. You’re a fucking fat piece of shit, and I for one, can’t fucking wait for this to break you. Karma’s a bitch. “There’s no water evidence anywhere in the ceilings.” Johnny, roll the tape from the first day! You know, that day where we saw a bunch of black mold on the ceilings. But yeah, Joe, no evidence. God, please, please, please let this be as awesome as I think it’ll be. How did this waste your or your wife’s time? You aren’t doing anything, you said so yourself. God, just let this video end, I want dinner. Joe, you were never under contract. And I’m not talking about Zillow, trust me, if it’d been under contract, I’d have made sure people knew. Conclusion I wish I could buy the entire DEMF Confederacy champagne for tonight. This meltdown that’s coming is going to be epic.

Happy New Year’s to the loveliest DEMF Confederacy! I hope everyone had a safe and fun night, I hope everyone who made resolutions will stick to them and I hope 2022 is a great year. So, let’s start of the year the wrong way by watching a 50 minute JDS video, because one of my resolutions wasn’t, “stop hating yourself.” 40 seconds in and, yup, I still hate myself. Why, because I get to hear about Joe being naked. Breathe, everything is good, you’re going to finish this recap, clean your apartment and start doing yoga because you’ve made that resolution for the last three years and each year you don’t do it. Thanks inner me! He’s so happy that he’s got these “offers”. Except… Wait, I think i figured something out. Sure, I’ve been watching him for a year, but I finally realized when Joe lies. Haha, “whenever he opens his mouth.” I know, easy joke. But Joe is lying about these offers because, if they were legit, $256M offers, the title of this video or another one would be, “Fuck the Haters, we Stacking PAPER” or some other inane rambling. But he’s saying it nonchalantly, nope, these are lies. Is this dog story, and I don’t know, I’ve paused it at the 1:24 mark, but is this dog story Joe trying to tell a version of that stupid, “bing-bong, if you see them dogs” or whatever the fuck it is? Did Joe just invent a member of the DEMF Confederacy giving shit to his wife? What the hell am I watching. The dogs start nipping at Joe’s dogs, then his wife says the others need to be on a leash and this “totally real person” says, “You don’t even belong here.” Right… Joe’s on the look out. Sure honey, I must’ve missed the part where it was a child or a woman who supposedly bitched out your wife. Joe, we know you won’t fight a man. Unless it involves being naked. OMG, Joe is Jack Murphy who let himself go. <— that’s a brilliant observation lol Joe’s on camera saying he’s going to hunt down a guy and he’s going to film the confrontation. Something, something, premeditation. Whoever had, “Joe goes to prison in 2022” you might be right. The theme of this vacation is “reset”. Interesting choice of words. I think I’ve had one relationship that didn’t end almost immediately after one of us said, “we need to reset.” Now I wonder if Raney didn’t make up that story and Joe’s gonna confront some random stranger (haha) and get his ass beat. BTW, if you want to go on a vacation after a stressful time and not end it, use the term, “recharge.” I guess I need to start analyzing these weird relationship dynamics. I think what’s not said is far more interesting. Joe and his wife are walking around Charlottesville, and she’s 5-10 feet in front of him. Yeah, that’s how a happy couple walks. Random Math: Joe says he cut an hour off of the drive from Portsmouth to Charlottesville. The most direct route, according to Google Maps, is 168 miles at 2 hours and 30 minutes. In order for that to be possible, Joe would’ve had to maintain an average speed of 112mph for 90 minutes. Just, no. Next shot, mah wife is another 5-10 feet in front of him. She couldn’t be saying, “I’m not with him and I don’t want to be associated with him” any harder without holding an actual sign. I think that’s why she always wears such contrasting clothes, she wants people to think he’s some day laborer. This review is getting sad. Wait, it’s Joe. Sorry, this review is getting funny. yawn some woman screamed she was gonna blow up the place and was ranting, but Alfredo Hitscocks over here missed it. All jokes aside, the part where Joe says, “We should’ve went” and Raney responds with, “I’m sorry” might be the biggest red flag that there’s legit abuse going on. That’s the sound of someone terrified. That $260M offer makes no sense and screams DEMF operative. How he thinks it’s real is beyond me. I feel so bad for any wait staff that would have Joe as a customer. Can you imagine listening to Gay Fieri screaming for a refill of his water? These little moments are so wonderful. Instead of saying, “Hey, I’d like to talk to the manager, I just feel like things could’ve been better.” Joe is going to fill out a postcard. And you’re going to go looking for the guy with the pit bull… Whatever you say, Dog the Kitchen Counter. What kind of moron buys a joint when they don’t have a lighter and leaves the dispensary without a lighter or matches? Raney, girl, blink five times if you need help And immediately after the hostage/proof-of-life photo, Raney is back to being 10 feet ahead of him. And another shot of her 10-15 feet away. There are more red flags here than Casey Anthony opening a daycare. Damn, Raney is awfully close to Connor. Jesus, I’m only 13 minutes in. Joe, before you throw stones at the homeless in your glass house. First, it’s a glass house, but more importantly, it’s a house you built, so I’m sure an errant rock will result in an explosion. It’s so infuriating watching Joe punch down at homeless people for “content”. Fucker. A college town, in between semesters, shuts down early. I’m continually amazed by Joe’s stupidity. Nothing says, “man of the people” like hearing, “there’s a bunch of homeless people who run rampant…” Fuck you, Trash Class Zero. If Joe could read, I believe he would unironically be reading from “A Christmas Carol” and screaming about the lack of prisons and workhouses. Calm down, Ebonies ScrewedMyWife (sorry, not the best pun, but I’m rolling with it) How dare a homeless guy come up and ask for money? Is he bitching about people having a sense of entitlement? I… I need a minute. I might be having a stroke. We definitely know Joe’s not anemic, what with all the irony here. He’s arguing for “repercussions” for the homeless people begging. Hey Joe, I’ve got an idea that will jump start your contractor business! Maybe what we could do would be to sort of corral the homeless, not a lot, just so, to use your words, “they aren’t running rampant.” But there’s a lot of mental illness and drug addiction in that community, so we should probably build some kind of enclosure, kinda get them all in one place, concentrate them, if you will. You, Joe could be contracted to build those for us! I also love him thinking that a rich area wouldn’t have homeless people. Uh, Joe, the homeless may or may not live there, but, for lack of a better term, they commute to where there’s money. Dear god, I think Joe has exceeded even my parody version of him. “Could it be the homeless that are responsible for the covid?” Not 2 minutes ago i was making a concentration camp joke and here you are, seriously making arguments that every genocidal group of people has made about the group they hate. I used to think you weren’t really a white supremacist, like, you’re dumb, but you can’t be that dumb. But now, thank you for exceeding my expectations and proving your douchebaggery knows no bounds. Joe should really start taking notes on the homeless strategies. AHAHAHAHAHA ok, I’m gonna be petty for a second. Joe, honey, you need a bra. I’m watching him go down the stairs and JPDoubleD is bouncing so much he could work in a strip club. Again, if you have these offers, why aren’t you more excited? Fuck me, there’s still 20 minutes of this. Did any of the DEMF Confederacy make it all the way through? I could lie and stop here, put a conclusion in, no one would know. Joe is amazed that there are winding roads in the mountains… kill me “There’s not a grape on there, they must’ve picked all the grapes already.” Brilliant Joe, it’s only the end of December. Another shot of Raney 15-20 feet ahead, it’s almost like her disgust of Joe correlates to how far away she walks. Time for me to actually be a little snobby. I’ve done a few wine tastings and I’ve never been to one where the majority of people didn’t make use of the tasting bucket. Why is Joe concerned about drinking? You trash class hack. If I’m understanding Joe correctly, you drove to a winery to order an Arby’s roast beef sandwich? Did you also ask for ketchup to dip it in? Watching Joe in the art park is amazing, he can front all he wants about his historical house, but this motherfucker is so low class. Actually, watching all of them wandering around, so confused. I think I need to get to Virginia at some point this year, maybe add it to my stops on my walkabout. Rent an AirBnb for a month and do the APS Tour of Sadness, start at Joe’s house, go to a bunch of APS locations and film videos for the DEMF “I cannot stand you.” Yikes, with a capital yikes. “You’re the funniest person alive.” Someone should put down a Caution: Wet Floor sign because that last line was dripping with sarcasm. And Joe “man of the people” Guerrero is whining that this vacation sucked. Dude, it would’ve been fun if you hadn’t been filming. And as for the service, fuck you. And as for the homeless, double fuck you. Joe talking about sloppy seconds… I’m gonna just leave that there. As of Thursday, Joe said they’d be under contract. Let’s go look! Aww, look at that… it’s not. Conclusion I really do love you all… or I really hate myself. This was so fucking painful. But at least we got to meet Adolph Guerrero.

Happy Hump Day to all the lovely DEMFs who make my week that much more fun. Joe be desperate for them dollars if he’s dropping daily videos on two channels. Might as well reward him with some attention, since narcissists love it. Oh, the truth about you being broke, well, you’re 40 and will probably be dead soon from a coronary event of some kind, never too late to start being honest. Buckle up and let’s see where this goes. I wonder if Joe is going bald. I can’t think of a reason why a, well, I was going to say man, but Joe doesn’t really qualify, anyway. I can’t think of a reason why someone would grow their hair out, leave it so unkempt and just be so fucking gross, if they weren’t covering something up. Random aside: I think I’m starting to become physically ill at the sight of Joe. He’s so nasty and combined with his god awful personality, I feel so dirty. I should post a poll, does Joe look more like: A homeless pedophile? The homeless guy who jerks off in the alley behind the Whole Foods The creepy professor we all had Freshman year who would touch the cute, athletic guys and we can’t do anything about it because he has tenure A mix of all of these No, Joe, it’s not impressive that you finished the house in five months. That’s like me being proud of myself doing a loan review in 20 minutes, but I did everything wrong and skipped like 80% of what I needed to do. Be careful you don’t break your arm jerking yourself off, Peaches and Cherry are ready for their date. yawn Joe’s utterly bored? God, you have no idea. You respond to a comment about some stupidly obscure thing with six likes. You know what, I’ll throw this gauntlet down again: I will happily debate you on any platform you want. Why don’t you man the fuck up (and you know it’s serious if I’m using phrases I hate) and come at one of the DEMF Confederacy? Show your followers what a badass you are and put us in our place. “People are really trying to count my money for me.” I think I might have a stroke. Do you have that 50 First Dates disease? Because you CONSTANTLY mention money, either how broke you are, how much something costs, how much you made, blah, blah, blah. And now you get upset that we count your money and call out your bullshit? He said he was broke twice? Um, I don’t hate myself enough to go watch those again, or read my recaps, but I know for a fact that the theme of the last 4-6 weeks is, “I’m broke AF.” How does anyone watch him and believe him after these statements? There can’t be this many morons, right? Fuck me, we’re only five minutes in. It’s over $207M, I’ll save you some time. Also, Joe, honey, make sure you count all the fuel costs. Oh, and don’t forget what you owe mah wife, cause my girl gets paid. Ooh, new poll idea! Who’s the bigger cuck, Joe or Jack Murphy? That’s topical right? It was $151,000 and change, Joe. Don’t try and flex when you showed the thing on camera. K, so you did all this with your own money, fine, I’ll give you that. If that’s the case, explain the title loan. That’s all I want an explanation of. Because either you’re lying about having done that or you don’t know what “your own money” means. What am I saying, of course you don’t understand words. I’m watching this at 1.5x and I want to die. Joe, honey, we’re not mad at you for buying a GoPro. Well, I’m never really “mad” at you, more, like your existence makes my soul hurt, knowing humanity can be as bad as you after all the advancement we’ve done. Your fans, such as they are, are mad that you’re supposed to be one of them, one of the people. And yet, the second you have a balance in your bank account above three figures, you start flexing unnecessary things. You have either an iPhone 12/13 Pro Max. Both of which shoot 4k 60fps videos, have fantastic AI and editing capabilities, why do you need a GoPro? Joe’s going to make a video telling us how much he’s made on APS. Might want to rethink that, because I can’t think of anything that will make the unwashed masses who like you more pissed off than seeing how you pissed away your money. I love these lies. Joe turned down multiple investors because, “I had to do this on my own.” Joe, you produce two emails from people saying they’d invest with you and I’ll Venmo you the cost of your lift tickets. And you turned down money from Daddy? Bullshit. You want his approval and acceptance more than you want Peaches’ cock in you. You want his approval and acceptance more than a gay teenager in Alabama whose father is a pastor. Don’t tell me that. Oh, and since I’ve watched all your videos and now have a bunch of information about you rolling around in my head (god help me). I know why you didn’t take investor money, you straight up said that you weren’t willing to give people any kind of ROI and if they didn’t invest at the start, they weren’t worthy of getting paid because they didn’t believe in you. No Joe, we don’t really have to try to make people think you’re a liar. They just need to watch your videos, and/or read my recaps. They’ll watch your videos if they hate themselves and they’ll read my recaps if they want quality content. Again, come at me, bruh. Joe, there’s enough space inside your head for us to build a resort that would rival the grand hotels on Aruba. And still have money for a few hundred low income housing units because we want to make sure people like you can afford a house. He is soooo desperate to call out the DEMF Confederacy by name. Do it Joe. And now here’s the circle jerking portion. Yes Joe, there are other 3/2s on the market for higher prices, however, they look like The Breakers compared your, um, “house”. Why is Joe using Just for Men? You should hit me up Joe, I’ll give you the name of my girl who does my hair, she could do wonders, well, she could definitely do something for you. Or you could stop having guys cum in your hair, I’m sure that bleaches or discolors things.

Sorry for the delay, I’m not feeling well at all, it’s not Rona Part 2, Electric Boogaloo, I think maybe something was undercooked. Whatevs, I know what will settle my nerves and stomach, watching an overweight, homeless man, with fleas talk about his flop house. Intro Joe walking out to the cuck shed reminds me of like EVERY true crime documentary. I can hear the narrator now, “The police showed up, guns drawn, ready to take down the killer, but nothing could prepare them for the horrors that awaited them in the shed.” Joe’s bitching about the airplanes ruining the moment. Fuck me, I’m 45 seconds into this video and want to hang myself already. Joe, it’s not a live broadcast, you can do multiple takes. Now, I know you won’t because that would involve more walking and god forbid you do anything physical. Maybe you could start trying to commune with your fleas and they could carry you, like some Baron Harkonnen type version of Gulliver. (A Dune and classic lit reference? Fuck yeah!) Assuming Joe is telling the truth, he shot the APS video in 30 minutes. 30 minutes of filming for a 28 minute video. Gosh, I wonder what gems were left on the cutting room floor? I seriously despise this level of laziness, fucking hell. In what world could any of us get away with this at our jobs? Joe realizes the audio cut out, instead of reshooting it, naw, just roll with the audio from the camera. Sure, it’ll sound like complete garbage, but considering Joscar the Grouch here lives in a trash can, I’m not shocked he doesn’t have better sense. At the Flip “I hope if someone loves it in the pictures, they’ll love it even more in person.” Right, because for anyone who’s done online dating, we’ve NEVER been disappointed seeing the person in real life. Joe, there’s always going to be disappointment baked into everything, even in the best of times. With you, though, it’s not, “Oh, he’s not 6’4, he’s only 6’0.” No, with you it’s, “Um, hi, I was here to meet Tiffany?” And it’s three Uber drivers, a clown from the local carnival and, for some reason, an inflatable alligator pool toy. That’s how disappointing you are. On a Boat The AirBnB canceled on Joe. Good for them, I’d hate to see what kind of critters I’d have to have exterminated if I rented a room to Joe. Now, let’s take bets: Was the AirBnB Canceled Because: A. The host looked at Joe’s profile picture and was like, “Fuck this.” B. Joe flexed on them for a lower rate and promising them “exposure”. C. Joe realized he was getting pushback and decided to blame someone else for him making a good decision. D. Joe’s credit card was declined. “I know there were some people who said, ‘Joe, stick to what you know.’ And I know houses.” I’m just gonna let that breathe like a fine wine, wait, I don’t want Joe to feel out of touch with that reference. I’m gonna let that breathe like a fresh Franzia, that should be low class enough for our fave fake Class A. No Idea Where We Are “Gosh almighty it is tight, tight, tight in here.” Slow down Joe, you’re giving me way too much to work with. Ok, Joke 1: “I’ll take ‘Things Joe Never Says to any Woman’ for $1,000, Alex.” Joke 2: “That’s what Peaches said the first time he turned Joe out.” And finally, Joke 3: What Joe says every morning when he has to put on non-stretch pants. And now he’s rambling about his GoPro. yawn “We got like 29 saves on the house!” Yeah, Joe, you’re welcome. I’m 99% sure that’s just the DEMF Confederacy. AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA, he’s soooo happy and proud. I can’t wait to yank that rug out from underneath him like Jim Carrey in “The Grinch Who Stole Christmas.” Haha, Aly be all about dem references today, boi doe! Ugh, I felt so dirty typing that. Ugh, my fingers are gonna be so sore tonight. Joe’s babbling about how virtual showings aren’t good because you get the realtor’s opinion. Joe, if the house is soooo good, it shouldn’t matter if you see it in person or virtually. For fuck’s sake, you’re teasing the photos on a website in the title of the video. That’s practically a virtual visit, not to mention that we’ve watched these videos. God help me, I’ve watched them. I might need some counseling. No realtor is leaving their cards. Just like Joe’s marriage, Joe just has no idea about how people politely let you down. It’s cute, like watching Helen Keller try to do a puzzle. You know, Joe lying and screwing the dump out of $20 after buying a $300 camera is way too on brand for him. “I’m gonna return this two dollar screw thing, but the two hundred dollar window I don’t need? Who cares.” It’s kinda sad that he’s so petty, and dumb about it. He’s not even scamming and getting anything significant. Like everything else in Joe’s life, he’s a failure at being a shitty person. Don’t get me wrong, he’s a shitty person, he’s just really bad at it. “We got two tons of shit on here.” Joe, you silly goose, you’re not a kilo over one ton. Is Joe rocking a beauty filter? I know it won’t do much, but, I think he is. Kill me, this is sooo fucking tedious. And this is at 1.5x and I want to slit my wrists. He was pushing leaves into the garden? Why, why, just why would you ever think that would be acceptable? He’s gonna cut down a tree… Oh, please, I want to see this. Why is it whenever Joe is complimented by anyone, we never see it? And it’s amazing that no one ever has anything bad to say about Joe, except us. Oh no, Joe was looking at comps… evil giggle This should be interesting. Ooh, I’m gonna have to suffer through this section twice. Are you throwing shade on any area in Portsmouth? You do know that all of your crimes, except rape, are 3x the national average. So, instead of living in Barter Town, I’m living in Detroit? It’s still shitty and I don’t want to live there. Also, Joe, I know you read these, the demographics of Portsmouth are not favorable and don’t allow you to command those prices. You should see how many price cuts there are on comps and how long they’ve been sitting. God, this is gonna be hysterical. “Our house, Flip 3, is in the best of the areas. And also in the best of the school districts.” Ooh, I get to reference the classic Ryan Reynolds movie, “Waiting” SQUEE! Joe, saying that Flip 3 is in the best part of Portsmouth is like being the smartest kid with Down Syndrome. It’s so cute watching Joe say these things. If I had any video editing skills and the time to do it, I’d love to put these clips together where Joe says he’s gonna get an offer in a couple of days, maybe even a full-price offer or $250. And then cut to 6 months later. Joe says there are two things that should come up on the home inspection, but it’s all part of his plan. And he’s going to address them. If you knew about them, why didn’t you address them then? Also, Joe, I don’t want to give you too much info, but the bank that orders the inspection is going to send a quality inspector. ESPECIALLY if this goes FHA or VA, which, since like 90% of all mortgages are, it will. You’re going to get nailed to the wall. “I know our house is worth what we’ve got it listed for.” Ahh, the arrogance of the moron. When this blows up in his face… Chef’s kiss Muah! “We’ll see a profit regardless.” Honey, just, no. The only person who’s seeing a profit from this is your loan shark, er, wife. You know, the love of your life who sheered you like a fucking sheep? He didn’t insulate the waterlines under the house… Conclusion Joe is the house flipping equivalent of Zap Brannigan steering the cruise ship into the field of comets, the icebergs of the sky.

Merry Christmas, from a somewhat sobering-ish Panda! Joe decided to put out a video on Christmas, Joe be hustling! While we’re out here drinking with friends and family, Joe stacking paper! So, get your Christmas cookies and other baked goods and let’s recap this video. Wow, maybe this is just Aly’s heart growing three sizes today, but this opening shot is so fucking sad! Joe cuts to his wife and she’s walking as fast as she can, like 5-10 feet in front of him. That body language is all, “get away from me.” I know we joke about Joe’s marriage falling apart, but um, yikes. “Hey, I’m not working today.” Same as every other day. I’m surprised Damen isn’t carrying your groceries. What the fuck? Oh, you’re flexing a store bought, $25 cake? Shitty flex, Joe. And I know I whine/rant about this, but if you’re gonna lie, could you stick to the lie for at least a couple weeks? You said you were broke, no presents, nothing special, blah, blah, blah. And here you are, buying a stupid cake and shopping for other people. To say my expectations of Joe are low is an understatement of epic proportions, matched only by Joe’s waistband. But for fuck sake, stick to a lie. We’re going back to the Patreon are we? Joe, and i say this with all the love that the Christmas spirit has given me, it’s a waste of time. What behind-the-scenes things are you going to show that would justify any kind of subscription? I’ve seen all your videos, you edit nothing out. “$1,000 is just gonna be the base level.” Ugh, where’s my top hat and Scrooge costume cause I’m about to be snobby. I highly doubt your subscribers have an extra $50/month to kick you, to say nothing of $1,000. Do you really think your content attracts intelligent people from the middle and upper class? I mean, it does, then they join the DEMF Confederacy cause we see through you and it’s hella fun to mock you. $1,000 to have Joe and Damen show up and do a job. But he’s going to limit it to the east coast. K… Someone should sit down and explain dollars to Joe, because $1,000 to drive somewhere and work, it’s not gonna be worth it. Even drunk mathing it in my head, I just see losses. Wait, never mind, Joe, this is perfect. Why the fuck would I ever let Joe do any work on anything I own? Ouch, my heart. God damn, Raney is a stone cold killer. Joe puts his arm around her, she smiles and says, “I’m so undeserving,” and walks out of frame. Wow, do you think we’ll get to see her serve him divorce papers? “I didn’t get a chance to finish what I was filming yesterday, but we weren’t really doing a whole lot.” These jokes write themselves. How is that any different than the 40-60 minute abomination videos you put out when Damen was working on the house? Joe’s looking for new flip houses by driving around. Good plan, spend gas money to drive around when you could search all this stuff online. Falling asleep lol I would ramble on about Joe looking for Flip 4 when Flip 3 hasn’t sold, but Joe, I support you. Go get a mortgage, start Flip 4 while Flip 3 sits. That’s a Class A move. I can’t imagine why Raney’s gonna leave him. Nothing says, “I respect my wife” more than constantly telling her she’s wrong on camera. I’m not saying women are always right, but there are tactful ways to disagree. Fucking misogynist pig. ROFL, Joe says he hasn’t heard anything being wrong with Flip 1 and 2, uh, if something was wrong, would you call you? Joe’s got a different idea and way to do the next house. I’ve got an idea: get a real contractor and cut them a check and stay out. Why doesn’t Joe ever call his wife by her name? I wonder if he does that when he’s not filming? Ugh, watching Joe talking about how he cooks food, I’m so bored. I want to die. OMG, ok, I’m back to thinking this is fucking funny. Joe cuts to his wife at the dock and says, “I’m here with my most beautiful wife.” Cut to her and she wrinkles her nose and shakes her head. Girl, #Respect If Joe wasn’t such an unbelievable piece of shit, this would be so sad to watch because he’s either an excellent liar and is pretending things are fine or he doesn’t see it. My vote’s the latter. Oooh, Joe’s going over new ideas. This should be as fun as , um, I don’t know? What the hell is this rambling about sailboats? Am I high? What’s going on? All this boat talk better end with him saying he’s going to start flipping boats. I’d pay to see that. He can’t be serious? He’s going to do barnacle removal service? Hang on, I need to google some shit. Wait, why am I telling you that? You don’t know what I’m doing, fuck it, I’m leaving it in. Ok, so barnacle removal is typically charged at $1-5/foot, depending on how bad the barnacles are. Ok, went and looked up how to become a hull cleaner person. Some interesting pull quotes from the article here: https://www.leisurepro.com/blog/scuba-guides/scuba-jobs-hull-cleaning-2/ Boat bottom cleaning isn’t that simple. For one, divers shouldn’t damage a vessel’s coating or scrape off its paint while they’re cleaning the hull. It’s a difficult task to accomplish: you’ll need to use specific techniques and know the different coats of boat paint. Cleaners often have to contact the manufacturer’s rep to get information about paint coatings used for certain boats before cleaning them.  Aspiring boat hull cleaners must also have enough courage to handle occupational hazards, as well as street smarts (which can only be gained from repetition and experience). Well, Joe’s screwed. Let’s keep reading. It’s not that easy to break into the hull cleaning business either. Even the casual part-timer will find it nearly impossible since almost all marinas require general liability and workman’s compensation policies, even if they work alone. Part-time hull scraping is virtually impossible because of how much the insurance costs. And of course, a scuba diving certification is a must-have for underwater hull cleaners. Joe’s doubly screwed, lol But making money out of hull cleaning has its drawbacks, too. The number of customers you have will determine your income, which isn’t much considering liability insurance and overheads. Getting new customers can also be challenging since many boat owners rarely change their hull cleaners. Yeah, this dream is as dead as Joe’s diet and/or marriage. Too soon? “$500 is the bare minimum.” AHAHAHAHAHAHA ok, sure, Joe. I’ve done more research than you’ve done on this, but you go for it. Conclusion I’m fucking Natalie Imbruglia, why? Cause I’m torn. I don’t want Joe to make any money on the death trap that is Flip 3, but oh, I want to see him try to get a barnacle business going, I think that’d be much more entertaining. Anyways, I love all of you!!!!

Merry Christmas to the DEMF Confederacy! Thankfully, I have almost no work to do, well, that’s not true, I’m procrastinating like crazy until Sunday. But I’m not procrastinating enough to skip a recap of our Lard and Savior, His Mudesty, the Queen of Prison YouTube, JPG. Intro Whoa, only 32 minutes? Is this an early Christmas present? I’ll only have to sit through half an hour of rambling? Things are looking up already! Joe’s got chest pains, who could’ve called that? Oh, only all of us. Honest question, which of you would give an organ to save Joe? I, for one, would happily donate one of Damen’s organs to Joe. Not the one he already lends to Joe… 😉😉 Poor baby has anxiety? Why don’t you get over it, pussy? What the actual fuck is this? Did I jump back to the good timeline where Marty didn’t lose the sports book? “Will it be worth it? Probably not.” I can’t handle this level of honesty from Joe. Hmm, I have an hour and eight minutes left of work, do I start drinking now? I can always Uber up to the extended family. You address the negative comments because you’re confrontational and it’s a completely safe environment for you to do so. It’s not a live conversation where you can immediately get called on your bullshit. That’s why you do it. Don’t pretend it’s anything other than you taking free shots at people. And we know you focus on the positive comments, I’m 99% sure you scroll through them while you get pegged. Although, I bet you’re into submission and maybe some humiliation? Maybe your wife makes you read the subreddit when she really wants to put you in your place. Disclaimer No shade on anyone’s kinks, if it’s consensual and both of you are legal adults, go to town. Life is way too short to not have fun and explore in the bedroom. “People get a kick out of watching me rage and meltdown.” Oh, I get more than a kick. I sit on a vibrator while watching you rant and rave. Shit, did my inner monologue turn to an outer monologue? At the Flip “I’ve got to see if I’ve got enough time to cut down the trees and get them cleaned up.” Oh, so you’re not finishing for what, three months? Is that how long it took you to clean up those logs? They’ve got to get more stain for the deck, I guess that’s a good excuse to go get fries. Go get that fry sauce, Joe. Joe’s first load is a lot like his actual load, unfulfilling. Seriously, half his trailer is empty, but he’s making his first run to the storage unit. Joe found his cockring. Good for him. Watching Joe try to remove a tree is just sad. How do you have a chainsaw and not manage to cut through a tree? We’re back to no real content. That’s the Joe I know. The photographer reminds Joe of someone who loves cameras. Who’d have thought a photographer would like cameras? Wow, this house is fucking small. Like, the furniture makes it look so cramped. I thought he wanted it to be open? This is the part where I say, you know what? It looks great when it’s professionally staged. It’s amazing what people who know what they’re doing can do to a space. It’s too bad that it’s the residential equivalent of rearranging deck chairs on the Titanic. Listening to Joe pant and talk about how happy and proud he is, it’s so infuriating. You cut every corner possible, painted over black mold, did shitty electrical work, half-assed everything and abused your employees. Please tell me what you’re proud of? Oh, and why didn’t we hear the stagers talk about how great the pantry door is? “Everyone who’s seen this house has spoke just so nicely about this house.” Right, they’re seeing the “finished” product. I get that you never want to see how the sausage is made, however, if people actually saw what you did to get the house to this point, they’d adjust that opinion. But then again, I’m a DEMF, so what do I know? “Somebody’s gonna come in here and fall in love with this place.” We’ve all made terrible decisions in our love lives. And yes, someone may fall in love with it… for less than $200M. I still don’t see how this place sells, it’s cramped, confusing, the bathrooms look terrible and the kitchen is weird. “Working our hands to the bone.” Interesting way of describing a marathon jerk off session. Sorry, I’ve got to make sex jokes because the idea of him talking about being a hard worker and busting ass angers me to no end. And the truth comes out, “Damen’s hands were hurting him so bad, he couldn’t even lift up the couch.” Ahh, sorry, when you said “working our hands to the bone,” you meant Damen. Sorry, I’m sure your man bitch worked super hard, with you sitting around like Pizza the Hut, screaming for him to work faster. “He may not know a lot of shit, but he can work.” I would be so fucking livid if anyone said that about me. Jesus, Damen, honey, seriously, take some time and grow a spine and find a way to better yourself. You don’t need this. Joe’s going Christmas shopping… I thought you were broke, so broke that you couldn’t have Christmas presents? Just a ski trip, right? Conclusion Merry Christmas and Happy New Year to all the DEMFs who read these. Thank you all for indulging me on this journey. Your comments mean the world to me. 💖 everyone of you 💖 

What the hell Joe? You’re uploading videos early, weird. Ugh, 40 fucking minutes, ok, let’s do this quickly. I’m gonna call it now, this recap will be under 800 words, because of the lack of content. Intro Joe has reached peak boomer, he’s talking about the weather and weatherman. And Joe admits to reading the DEMF Confederacy since he’s talking about the bathroom mirrors. Do you think any of the ATM army actually wonders where these comments are? Dear lord, eight minutes in and still no real content. How is it Joe can tell a story about almost getting into a fight and it be boring? 10 minutes in. snores So, this story is about Joe speeding through his neighborhood and people getting upset over it. I would comment that he reminds me of like, every high school boy I went to school with, but that’s too easy. We’re now 12 minutes in and I’m playing with my pajama pant legs. The takeaway from this is Joe says he’s aware of his bullshit confrontational nature, but is doing nothing to improve himself. This basically turns into Joe talking about everyone lying about him and singling him out. BTW, 15 minutes in. Almost halfway through and no real content. Damen really is a little bitch, Joe making him load all eight bags of mulch while Joe tries to be funny. At the Flip 21 minutes in before we get to the flip. These weird close-up, jump cuts to Joe’s beard and eye just smacks of “Intro of Video Production” in high school. Probably some guy named, Chris, but that’s not cool, so he goes by Hiss and draws a snake in Sharpie on his arm. It’s so fucking hack. “If you don’t like the pantry door, your life is just bah humbug.” Are there no prisons? Are there no workhouses? We need to bring back debtor’s prison for Joe. And you know what? The pantry door is actually kinda cool, it’s the execution that sucks. Either do it right or don’t do it at all. Ooh, Joe’s responding to me and my cracks on his “attention to detail.” This should be good. “Are you a design major?” Nope, just someone with good taste. And trust me, piss-yellow colored hardware is not what I think of when I think of quality hardware. I feel like, in all of Joe’s rambling about his work experience before getting locked up (it’s boring, I’m not gonna recap it) I really feel like I’ve gotten some insight into his character. Him wanting to make the movers remove their shoes because once, 13 years ago, Joe had to do the same, is so fucking petty and small. Joe’s the kind of kid that gets the hall monitor vest and becomes a Nazi. 31 minutes and we’re back to Joe not wanting to show us the house. snore Joe’s still planning on cutting the trees down tomorrow. I, for one, support this idea wholeheartedly. What the actual fuck is up with the porch?!? What in the name of all that is good, right and holy is this color? Oh my god, it’s disgusting. It’s like a mix of fry sauce and vomit. And, let’s talk about the “landscaping” he did. Sure, you dumped mulch in there and trimmed some bushes, but left the rotting, mold covered logs. God, this is so fucking half-assed. “It might be mine if things keep going the way they’re going.” Ok, time to start a betting pool: does Joe move in before or after he cuts the price to sub $150? Conclusion To anyone counting, this recap is under 630 words. 40 minutes summed up under 630 words.

Well, whenever Joe gets around to posting, I guess I’ll watch. I’m praying that this 48 minute video goes quickly. I feel like Joe is the hiccup in this whole situation, like if he wasn’t involved, someone competent could’ve fixed up the flip. Intro What the fuck is this? He’s thanking people for their insightful comments? He’s admitting he’s wrong? I’m so confused. Wait, here it is, “I take pride to make sure the shit is right.” You know what’s scary? This might actually be Joe giving 100% effort. Joe’s going off about us saying that he’s always blaming others. Don’t you fucking call me Cletus. That’s my bruncle’s name, I go by Lulabelle, the fastest swimmer in the county, cause of my webbed flipper feet. And Joe, you may address the issues, but you still bitch and moan. Fuck, it’s a fucking meme that you blame Matt at this point. The only thing stopping it from being a popular meme is that no one knows who you are. Well, outside of the subreddit and the city inspector’s office. “Not trying to pass the buck.” … no words. Oh please tell me he’s going to stick a propane heater under the house and run a dehumidifier. Please, please lord. At the Flip “The stagers talked really nice about the house.” Um, it’s called being professional. I worked with a complete bitch at a previous position, her department and mine did not get along. Anyway, she lunged at me in a managers’ meeting and even after that, I never said anything bad about her. They’ll laugh at you behind your back, Joe. “You did a fucking good job. We see a lot of houses and your attention to detail is really unprecedented.” Uh huh. And then they gave you $100 off, a blowjob behind the house and they gave you a standing ovation. If you’re gonna lie, go big, like, “They said, Joe, of course you’re not infertile, your sperm is just too powerful for normal women. Also, you’re the picture of health and we love your physique.” Next Morning Joe’s back broke mountain broke. You’re so close to coming out, it’s ok Joe. At the Flip Joe can’t figure out why water isn’t draining in the tub. Seems like that’s an issue that he should resolve, what with his relentless pursuit of perfection. “Isn’t that a TikTok thing? ‘I’m busy doing hot guy shit.’” Joe, seriously, come on out. I’ll send you a rainbow flag pin and even take you to your first pride parade. It’s good to know you’re watching thirst traps when you should be working. “POV: you’re sitting in my lap.” Is it possible to become gayer? And now we’re in the part of the video where nothing is happening. I’m watching at 1.5x and Joe barely sounds sped up. The heat pump isn’t working, so of course Joe is running the heat. Joe’s reminiscing that it was 13 years ago today he was arrested and locked up. “I was a piece of shit.” What do you mean, ‘was’? You’re still a piece of shit, and, I’d argue, a larger one. And that’s not a fat joke. You’re a piece of shit who thinks they’re the hero in this story. He’s claiming that he’s built three houses from the ground up. The level of delusion is really threatening to go from comical to scary. “I’m building dreams here.” Oh, you definitely are making nightmares, no doubt about that. It’s not that I want you to fail, Joe. I really don’t care one way or the other, what I do care about is the potential people that live in this death trap. If you did things correctly and made money, I’d be the first person to cheer for you, but you cut corners and take pride in being a scumbag, that’s my issue. “Not as big of a load as I wanted to take.” Are you into bukkake? I suppose it would be on brand for you, it let’s you sit down while you work. Joe accidentally cuts his wrist on a tool, then, being the Class A professional and grown-up he is, he “twirls it over my head and threw it into a tree.” Because that’s how 40 year old men should handle things. I’m an office drone and I’ll admit, I live in my pajamas and barely do physical labor, but dear lord, this is embarrassing that he’s going on about this injury. I think I’ve gotten worse paper cuts. “Sun up to sundown, your boy be on it.” Serious question: how long before Joe kills himself by jumping off a roof because he believes he can fly? Conclusion Joe needs to hire an editor. God, these things are so fucking dull.

What the hell is this? Joe’s uploading videos two days in a row? It’s a Christmas miracle. Actually, the miracle will be if I can make it through this without falling asleep. Intro It takes him 3 minutes to get to this story about there being water under the house. I’m trying not to giggle, but it’s going to be really difficult. Who’d have thought Qest plumbing would have leaks? Watching Joe try to explain troubleshooting is like watching a moron try to figure out calculus. He looks so confused. Fuck me, 8:30 into this video and bored as hell. “It’s really as minor plumbing situation.” Hey Siri, remind me to come back to this in 30 days. Oh, it’s not a plumbing issue, it’s Damen’s fault because Joe has him randomly crawl under the house to check for leaks. Time to demote him to $7.50/hour. I demand Damen be flogged for actively sabotaging Joe! “You can’t write these type of scripts.” Pretty sure I could write this if I sat down and said, “What would a story about a moron trying to flip a house look like?” At the Flip 18 minutes in and how is it so many words can come out of his mouth but be devoid of content? Finally, at the 27 minute mark, Joe blames Matt and tries to play it off as a joke. Joe, we know you believe nothing is ever your fault, this just comes across like your scrotum, you know, hollow, empty. “Because house, you’ve got a bigger mission to fulfill, you’re going to make some family a lot of memories.” Oh Joe, you have no idea the kind of memories this house is going to make. PTSD and memories of when they weren’t bankrupt from fixing your hack work. He’s going on again about the stream, I love this, he better follow through with this. Joe’s going to use the correct thread sealer instead of silicone, but, continuing the theme from last time, it’s only because he’s filming. Such a Class A move. “I feel like we’re a maintenance team, handling a maintenance call right now.” Even in your fantasies, you’re just the help. That says more about you than anything I could write. Also, how desperate would you have to be to call Guerrero Maintenance? I love when Joe wears his hood up, like the white trashier version of Eminem, like, Dim Shady. POV: you’re just waking up and about to be raped by the homeless man outside the bar. “This house probably has so many problems. It doesn’t. I can guarantee you that. And the reason I can guarantee you that is because at the end, I always treat the end like I’m doing my final inspection. Like I’m a home inspector. The thing has to pass my inspection.” I need to start watching the videos backwards, because Joe keeps dropping these nuggets at the end of his videos. He has to be a complete sociopath to say this with a straight face. I don’t even really have much commentary on that, I’m just gonna let it breathe, like a fine wine. Conclusion I’m not sure if he’s high or if he’s finally gone insane, but he’s def not right in the head.

Good lord, I am hungover. No one parties like a risk department. Drinking on Zoom with your coworkers is oddly fun. Not saying that there was some karaoke going on, but I’m not not saying it either. Fuck me, I’ve got an hour long video to watch? Ok, let’s do this. Intro Oh, poor Joe, you’ve been depressed? “I’ve just been going through the motions, of, you know, just being depressed.” I thought you were going to admit to going through the motions of what a real working person does, but baby steps, you’ll get there. And you know what, fuck off with your depression bullshit. This isn’t a case where you’ve got a chemical imbalance or you’ve had a string of bad luck and it feels overwhelming. No. All of this is self-imposed. You’re fucking Sideshow Bob walking over rake after rake after rake and then getting mad that you have a broken nose. To quote you, shut the fuck up and go to work. He really is going to replace one solitary board on the deck. God, this is going to look so terrible and hack. At the Flip New drinking game: take a shot whenever one of Joe’s doors doesn’t close properly. Joe’s so attached to his transition strips. “It helps the floor to flow.” By having a giant, off-color, horizontal piece of wood slicing through vertical strips? Um, you do know that flow would be continuous, not stops and starts, right? But hey, get defensive over that, not the rest of the shitty, illegal and hack work you’ve done. I need a second opinion on this, but if I’m looking at this correctly, that door isn’t closing flush with the wall. Jesus, the closer he gets to being done, the worse it gets. I love that Joe put the nails over the transition strip around that floor mat of tiles by the fireplace. Conveniently, they’re right on the part that wasn’t laying flat, wonder why that is? OMG, one of his doors shut with one push! It’s a Christmas miracle! “If it don’t sell, it’s gonna become the flop house.” Guess you better start looking into how to make your crack shack Motel 6 work, cause this piece of shit is not selling anytime soon. “Drama equals views.” Sure, on popular channels. Not yours. You’ll be happy to crack 10k views on a video. Fuck me, this is boring. Oh god, watching Joe dance in his toolbelt is one of the most disgusting things I’ve ever seen. I feel so sick. Is it too early to drink? “Yeah, you see it folks. As you get closer to the end of the house, sometimes you need to have a toolbelt on.” I love statements like this, it’s Joe justifying his cosplay. Like a little kid explaining why they need to wear a cape. It’s like watching a dog sit at the table, “he thinks he’s people.” I’m watching Joe like, “Aww, he thinks he’s a contractor.” “What is the story with this pantry door?” “I’m glad you asked, this house was built by a non-profit, Retarded Renovations, that allows mentally handicapped people to perform house repairs.” “Oh, that’s lovely.” “I know, and one of their, we call them ‘Handicapped Handyman’ built this pantry door.” “That’s so cute, good for him.” Yeah, this is someone’s dream home. God, what a fucking hack. “You ain’t got no business building houses if you don’t know how to do carpet.” They could’ve stopped with, “you ain’t got no business building houses.” No need to qualify it. He is stupidly happy and proud over that hack work on the pantry door. I love Joe complaining about someone who obviously doesn’t care about their job. Pot meet Kettle. This is video is really fucking dull. I’m watching at 1.5x and i still want to claw my eyes out. Shut the fuck up over Christmas and your lack of presents, you’re going on a ski trip. Is Joe trying to sell the idea that a bunch of cut down logs is a benefit to buying this house? Not to mention, those trees are going to crush his fence. Fucking moron. And, let’s be honest, it took him weeks to cut and move logs at the landscaping job, there’s no way he gets that done in three hours. How is it that the idea of Joe owing back taxes is boring? Oh, never mind, there it is. “I’m a hardworking, blue collar son-of-a-bitch, who can’t wait to get done with this house so I can get back to doing Twitch live streams…” There’s so much to unpack. Let’s start with the Twitch streams. Yes, please, dear god yes, I will be happily in there each day. And you will destroy whatever fan base you have left. Next, you managed to say that you’re hardworking and blue collar? No. You’re neither of those things. You’re not worthy to clean the toolbelt of any tradesman. You’re a hack playing dress up. Oooh, yeah, he needs to get on Twitch. Joe’s reason for his failure? Is it because he failed to innovate? Nope. Is it because he was a scummy person? Nope. It’s because other people copied him. It’s never his fault. “It’s probably gonna be real fucking boring.” Truer words were never spoken. I’ve almost fallen asleep twice watching this ramble fuck “Let me do what I hadn’t been doing, since I’m filming, and pre-drill.” Good to know that every screw he’s put in when not on camera hasn’t had a pilot hole drilled. I go back to this being an elaborate troll. There’s no way Joe actually exists, right? I could probably rant for hours about Joe’s disdain for community college and how if you actually go to school to learn construction, you’re faking it. It’s bad enough that you’re dumb, but it’s worse when you disparage people going to school to learn to be better. And I’m sorry, you can learn a lot online, but I don’t want to hire someone whose only experience is watching YouTube and TikTok videos. Gross. There’s not much you can do to hurt a vagina? Um, there’s a lot. Jesus, be more disgusting. Two tone, yellow siding… No words. Conclusion Fuck, I’m out.

Happy Monday friends! Sorry for this being a little late, been stuck on conference calls tonight. We’ve got little to do and lots of time, so let’s get to it! Intro Apparently, Joe’s back pain was so bad it took his breath away and he couldn’t breathe. I’m not sure how that’s any different than Joe normally, but I’ll allow it. Why does all of this seem like some kind of insurance scam? Either that or he’s trying to give himself contractor street cred by saying even when he’s injured, Class A Joe keeps working. Of course, it should tell him something that the first two things someone thinks of is a scam or lying when he says he’s injured. At the Flip I usually don’t throw shade on people who use weed, medically or recreationally, but with Joe I’m wanting to make an exception and ban medical marijuana. Joe’s put down a bunch of floor patch, someone must’ve told him it’s like mud for floors. This is one of the most telling rants he’s been on in a while and I do love when Joe’s true nature comes out. Ranting about people saying that they hope it’s up to code, and they still rock with him… “No you don’t. You want to see that type of shit.” Look, I’ll never tell you that I rock with you or support you or even like you, but, and Joe, this bit’s important, there are legit fans who do genuinely mean that. I’m not sure if the special ed school lets them have internet access or they’re telling their caretaker what to write, but they do support you. Please, quote code to me. Since you told me to look it up, I did. OMFG THIS IS FUCKING AMAZING!!!!!! OMG, yes!!! This is so fucking great. I love when the universe hands me things like this. Ok, so that building code he quoted? Sure, it’s accurate… except it’s for Kentucky. Mother fucker googled the wrong code in the wrong state. And because I would never not share my sources: https://www.richmond.ky.us/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/Stairs_Handrails__Guards.pdf But whatever, TikToktractor class is in session. “After Prison Show is also the Joe Show.” Not really by choice, right? It’s the Joe show since no one can stand you. There’s something deeply disturbing about the way Joe looks into the camera, like, if someone said, “Show me what a sex predator looks like.” I could point to any of his looks into the camera. … I’m so dumbfounded. The PTO switch was fine, Joe says it’s the belt, then reaches down and plays with the belt hanging out in plain sight. Um, were you just too lazy to look down? Or did you look down but your stomach was in the way? Joe says that whoever emailed the city is a real asshole and that the work he’s doing is going to get someone killed. Well, the former isn’t true and the latter is true. The house is a death trap and no one in their right mind would buy that house. And, since I’m feeling a little cocky, Joe, the city isn’t going to be the issue when it comes time to sell that house. Good luck finding a brokerage that will take you on. That’s all I’m gonna say for now. “I’ve been busting my ass and everything in here is good.” AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA I guess if your definition of good is “Amateur Hack” then sure. “They were really impressed. They loved the handrail.” And then did a porn star show up and blow you while paying off your Lowes credit card? If you’re going to lie, go big Joe. “They said, ‘It’s real unfortunate you’ve got people who are just nasty’” And then the building inspector gave you $100 and clapped? “If I knew who you were I’d give you a nice Christmas present.” Except you can’t afford presents. The best part is that is pisses him right the fuck off that he doesn’t know who ratted him out. “Come spend your holidays with Joe.” I’m gonna pass on that, I don’t feel like slumming it. Also, I’m pretty sure that anyone that’s near you for more than 10 minutes will catch HPV. Joe is amazed that someone can work quickly. With a side of subtle racism. Keep it classy. You do realize that most people aren’t you, right? Joe didn’t measure correctly and they ran out of carpet. That’s fucking amazing. Considering how many times you’ve babbled on about this place being 1,600 square feet, you’d think you’d have a good idea of the floor size. I’d say that you should know how to calculate area, but that’s advanced sixth grade math. it’s amazing what carpet can do to a house. Like, you know how some really nice carpet with some good color can make a place pop? Yeah, this is the exact opposite of that. It looks cheap, it looks used already and it just, ugh, it sucks. And I don’t mean “stubbing my toe” level of suck. I mean, “Joe on a Friday night at a gloryhole at the Apollo” kind of suck. The carpet makes those spindles look even more amateur hour than before. WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK is in the fireplace? Oh my god. You know those sci-fi movies/stories where people mix DNA and it creates some kind of abomination? Those stories invariably have a line like, “I shouldn’t be!” Because they know they’re an affront to god. If those tiles could talk, they would be screaming, “These tiles shouldn’t be!!!!” That’s an affront to god, good taste, color theory, everything. This has to be a troll channel now, right? Like, Joe’s just trolling us. There’s no way he’s serious, right? Oh, it definitely has a “wow” factor. “I’ve never done a backsplash before.” You didn’t have to tell us, it shows. I bet Joe’s the kind of person who would wear plaid and polka dots. Wow, Joe really decided to save the worst for last. The fuck is that dining room light? I… you know, here, just look at it. I have no words. My dog loves me again. Finally felt good enough to get outside and take him for a solid walk. Poor guy, he needs so much attention. He does his best to be supportive since I’m his herd, but he needs to get outside. Ok, now, let’s watch another animal, but one that’s not nearly as adorable. Intro Did Joe turn into a 60 year old man? He’s talking about the weather now. Fuck, Joe, can you try to let your ego out? At the Flip What the actual fuck is that dining room light? There’s no way he genuinely think that looks good. It’s like the worst of both worlds. It looks like trashy track lighting, but it looks plastic. These finishes are a selling point for this house? No, not a chance in hell. Wait… he used steel brackets and is leaving them exposed. This house is the epitome of trash class. Or, since I know Joe loves this term, Joe, you’ve surpassed trash class, you’re now creating a hack class house. For anyone keeping score, it’s now noon and Joe has installed one rail. “This is pretty impressive for someone who’s never done this before.” Except that doesn’t matter when it comes to finished results Sir Hack-a-Lot. No one gives a shit if it’s your first time, they want a house that looks good These videos are so fucking dull. Joe’s side piece is a hard piece of wood, there’s enough subtext there that would keep Freud busy for a month. “Can you imagine me trying to do that carpet?” I can and I’m so sad that you aren’t. I was looking forward to seeing that failure. It’s got to be the angle Joe’s filming or maybe it’s Joe’s incompetence, but those rails don’t look perfectly vertical. Why wouldn’t you mark out holes on the underside of the railing before you install it, then put all the rails in and then stand it up and drill holes at that point? I’m trying to follow his explanation of what he did and it feels like I walked into the wrong college class, midway through the semester. I think I know what’s wrong with the rails. I don’t think joe made the holes in the top rail a uniform depth, they all look like they’re different heights. It looks soooo fucking cheap and hack-ish. Almost like someone who’s never done this before tried this. And again, qualifying some of his hack workmanship with “it’s not too bad” or “it’s just a little wonky.” That’s not what people paying $265,000 for a house want. “This goes a little out this way, but what are you gonna do?” Spoken like a true Class A Hack. I don’t know, fix it? “I’m gonna put hidden cameras in here during the showings so I can hear what people are saying.” That’s it, I’m going to the open house. I’m absolutely going to go there and show people highlights of His Mudesty’s handiwork. And no discussion of the warped wall from yesterday. I guess if you don’t acknowledge it, it doesn’t exist. “We don’t have the funds to do so.” But you do have the money to go skiing, that’s a bit more expensive than some basic presents. Conclusion We absolutely need to have a DEMF Confederacy meetup at the open house for the Adobe. Can you imagine how excited Joe would be to see so many people? And then just all of us ripping him apart.

Happy Friday to all the lovely DEMFs! Ok, Joe’s going to bless us with a video to start the weekend off right. Intro Oh please, let’s do the bannister today!!! Only the finest Amazon lights for Joe’s flip house. At the Flip “Am I starting to drive like a horrible person?” What do you define as “starting”? You’re a poster child for defensive driving classes everywhere. K, so, I need someone to explain this fuckery to me, because, based on what this looks like, it’s impossible for a shower curtain to go from one end to the other, because of the cable holding it up. To say nothing of the fact that the curtain rod doesn’t end on each tile. But again, this is the house you build if you hate someone with OCD “Got some severe lower back pain this morning, no idea what that’s from.” I’d guess it’d be stress from carrying around all that extra weight. But, my better guess would be that you’re just fishing for sympathy. Could we just get to the damn handrail? Yikes! Now, this is the kind of work I’ve come to expect from Class A Joe. “How did that ever get by me?” I know, you’re usually such a stickler for perfection. And he’s going to mud it, that will solve it. I love the thought that the house isn’t attached to the foundation anymore so things just twist and move during the day. I’m now watching him replace outlets. Get to the fucking handrail. God, you’re such a cocktease. Dear lord, they’re using rattle can paint for the banister and spokes. Did Joe channel his inner 13 year old goth girl? Replacing outlets and switches isn’t hard, right? Like, assuming everything’s wired correctly, you just swap them out. Class A Joe, however, in true Class A fashion, has to make everything harder than it needs to be. Ironically, he can’t make himself harder, but I digress. He broke the outlet box and then had to pull apart the wall. I guess that’ll be for the best, it’ll allow Joe to put some more mud on the walls. I know I wouldn’t sleep soundly without knowing the mud was 7 levels deep. And now he’s broken some light switches, but god damn, he keeps name dropping TikTok. We get it Joe, you get all your know-how from TikTok. But I’m going to go out on a limb here and say that maybe it’s not the best idea for potential buyers to know the wiring in their house comes courtesy of you watching an electrician thirst trap. This house is going to burn to the ground. I’m calling it now. It’s gonna be such an easy insurance investigation. “3:45 in the afternoon and the day is shot. Pretty uneventful, unfulfilling, unaccomplishing…” Damn Joe, you really sure you ought to be broadcasting your bedroom difficulties like this? This house is an OCD sufferer’s worst nightmare. Joe’s decided to have the top of the bannister come off at an angle but the bottom one won’t. Because that won’t drive anyone insane. Not to mention that this solid black railing is hideous AF. “Remember I was talking about doing the carpet over here at one point? Forget that. I am tired of doing everything over here.” It took until the end of the video but Joe, you finally gave me something to work with. I can imagine, it must be soooo hard to have built this house all on your own. I would pay good money to know how Joe sees the saga of the flip house in his head. Like, does everyone remember that South Park episode where the kids are recounting their version of some event and then Cartman’s version has him saving the girls from a dragon and riding off in the sunset? I imagine Joe’s vision of the the flip house is similar. In Joe’s mind, Matt is probably some Snidely Whiplash-style villain, complete with handlebar mustache, cackling wildly while fucking up the house and robbing Joe at gun point. Conclusion The reports of my untimely demise are greatly exaggerated. #DEMF4Life

Happy Tuesday friends! In honor of our Trash Class Hero, JPG, I’m currently having the trashiest, classiest dinner. I made my own wine, cracker and cheese tray, consisting of saltines, pepperoni slices and a bottle of $10 white wine. It’s so good! Nothing says fancy like sitting around in my pjs and hoodie, eating cheese and drinking a bottle of wine. I’m living my best life. Intro Oh, it’s gonna be one of these videos, is it? Do I ruin my fancy night by going right to my gin? Or do I try and power through with just wine? “But dammit man, you gotta make your situation better.” Would that include finding a gullible spouse who has money, then suckering them into becoming an investor on your latest failure and sucking them like a fat leech? Or would that be hiring people at cut-rate prices, paying them under the table, refusing to provide benefits, verbally abusing them and then mocking them publicly? Which should she do, Joe? And by the way, Lard Guerrero, His Mudesty, you should really avoid casting stones since you’re going to be looking for work shortly. You think you’re going to have any money left after your wife’s divorce attorney gets done with you? I will say, this story likely didn’t happen. “But Aly, how can you say that?!?” And I hear you, but Joe said it was a woman and he wasn’t rude to her. Joe doesn’t pass up any opportunity to be rude to a woman or put her in her place. And Damen is back… what a spineless bitch. Why is he having to set up a payment plan? I thought he made $5,000 off his Filecoin, hell, he said he was going to pay it on Sunday so they couldn’t shut him off on Monday. Oh, fuck, the wine must be getting to me, he lied. At the Flip Am I having a stroke or does this look like absolute dog shit? And then there’s this. There’s no way this looks remotely acceptable, right? Thank goodness, the mud is back. I was worried Joe was going to be off-brand. “Put a little fireplace there if you choose to do so. An electric fireplace would look real good right there.” I’m not going to do it because that would require permits and Class A Joe don’t need no permits. What a lazy fuck. You know what that second fireplace reminds me of? This. This is the level of thought Joe has when it comes to interior design. He didn’t dump it because Yonnie got a job driving the garbage truck. It’s just to fuck with you, Joe. The DEMF Confederacy is everywhere. Joe’s on a payment plan, can’t wait for the video next month, “Forgetting to pay my power bill!” The walls keep cracking, this is way too good. I wonder if the foundation is completely fucked. I need some help on this one. Joe hates this base board and he’s bitching about the corner, but, um, it’s literally off the floor along the wall. That means the floor is way out of level, right? What the actual fuck is he babbling about? “I had to mud right there, my base board wasn’t getting high enough.” Help? “I shared a video that I know probably came across, to some, as bitching and complaining.” How is that different than 99% of your “content”? Also, that’s some pro level bullshit trying to put it on us for thinking that you’re bitching and whining. “I was expecting to be berated in the comments section.” Did you accidentally unban people? Cause the way you’ve filtered that, fucking Brita should take lessons from you. Conclusion I don’t have anything clever to go here.

It’s Monday, joy. I don’t really have anything witty for this. I think Covid has really dampened my sense of humor. Ugh, let’s give it a shot. Intro Joe’s determined to make today a better day, because he’s going to persevere. I think he misspoke, it’s perspire. At the Flip “Looking like Andrew Jackson in this motherfucker.” That’s weirdly appropriate, considering he was one of the most racist presidents we had, destroyed pretty much every treaty with the Native Americans and did the whole Trail of Tears thing… Joe, your hood is showing. “We are gonna make today positive. So in the comments section, let’s do something totally different.” I know he follows this up with do whatever you want, but here’s Joe trying to demand fluff comments. Have you read your comments? There’s more fluffing going on than at the PornHub corporate offices. Joe’s going to start giving us an Injury of the Day report, or, as I’m calling it, “See honey? I am working, please don’t divorce me!!!!!” Dear lord, Joe’s big injury was getting a sliver. I could ask the simple question of, “Why aren’t you wearing gloves?” But another question would be, “Why do you think your audience would want to see this and/or give two shits?” I can only imagine how an actual laborer or tradesman views Joe’s whining. “What does Joe masturbating and his finger have in common? They both have slivers in them.” Or something like that. God, he just telegraphs the things that bother him. Not to go all Sun Tzu on him, but something something, if you know your enemy and know yourself, you’ll never be defeated. “Oh that flooring is so cheap and so weak…’ First of all the flooring that we’re using is top of the line… (and then he proceeds to read the box to us) “it’s professional performance.” So, this rant of his starts at like the 4:30 mark and is well-worth watching. It’s like me screaming at someone with a bottle of Gatorade in their face, “IT’S GOT ELECTROLYTES!!!!” I mean, I’m sure it’s nice enough flooring, but it’s still top of the line, cheap stuff. It’s not actual hardwood. “I take a lot of offense about y’all talking shit about the work that I’m doing over here.” I know you do, but why? It’s not like you’re doing Class A work. You know what it’s like? Joe is like a teenage boy and you tell him to do, well, anything, right. And he half-asses it and you tell him to do it better, he still half-asses it. Then you tell him the third time and he does it so angrily and quickly like, “Fuck you mom, I’ll show you!!!” That’s how Joe works on this house. The silicone really gets to him, this is soooo fucking funny. I realized this just now, where’s the toilet paper roll holder? Guess Joe’s taking that prison aesthetic seriously. “Let’s go get that painting on that pantry rocking and rolling.” Cuts to Joe NOT working in the pantry. Watching Joe sitting in the pantry under the stairs, panting is like watching what would happen to Harry Potter if Harry had done a nickel for armed robbery. Conclusion I feel like I’m slipped into a parallel dimension where Joe did stuff… Like he actually completed something he said he’d complete today. I need a minute. Happy Sunday friends! Really think I’m almost over the Rona, thankfully. I’m not shivering and I don’t feel like I want to die. Of course, I do kinda want to die after re-reading through my current story and seeing some of the massive plot holes, but whatevs. Let’s spend a quiet Sunday together, basking in the warmth that is the failure of JPG. Post-video Me: I watched this twice, the title was too good and I just wanted to savor it. Also, this showed up on my Twitter feed and I immediately thought of Joe. Intro “So depressed I could barely get out the bed to go do this…” not sure that’s the depression or your physical capabilities or lack thereof, but I’m listening. Oh, wait, no, I’m not. Poor baby has depression, huh? Not so fucking funny now, is it Joe? It’s almost like mental health is important. “Shit like this is gonna happen” Except, and I’d expect you to learn this at some point, stuff doesn’t just happen. This is a mess solely of your own making. Joe got $5,500 in cash, so, assuming he spends all that on the house, plus his wife’s $7,000 payday, he’s at $62,500 in expenses, which puts him all in at $213,500… Joe’s wife is pissed at him. I was wondering when that would happen. I mean, you can only go along blindly for so long. “I told her I’m sorry i keep fucking our life up.” You know what women love, Joe? Having our marital/relationship issues and fights publicized. What a shitty partner. I would never, in a million years, broadcast any fight like this. “If you’re already down 22k, what’s another 3k?” Fucking idiot, I can’t imagine why your wife thinks you’re terrible at money management. I’m trying to understand the power bill situation. Joe says he owes $1,000. But he’s paying $250/mo, so, Aug, Sep, Oct and Nov, so that’s $1,000. How is it still at $1,000 and past-due? Oh, because he’s lying. “Life hates me.” Yup. AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA He thinks he’s gonna break even, that’s his new goal. I’m not sure which is more delusional, $279,000 for the Adobe or breaking even on it. At the Flip I legit thought Joe was rocking a hair band for a minute. “There’s a major slope, nothing’s gonna take away from that.” I bet properly fixing the floor would help. But that’s just me. “I still can’t believe I lost $25,000 today. That’s a whole fucking house.” Are you trying to flex your loss? Someone needs to tell Joe about WallStreetBets. In two and a half hours, Joe managed to attach a spigot. Why is he still focused on the pantry door? How bad do things need to be before Joe learns to prioritize tasks? “You guys have been dragging the shit out of me in the comments.” Not really, I’ve seen the comments and they’re still oddly helpful and friendly. Now, the DEMF Confederacy? There’s more dragging in our subreddit than in all 10 seasons of Ru Paul’s Drag Race. “I’ll fix it, I won’t, I’l change it, I’ll use the plumber’s putty instead if that will get your panties out of a fucking bunch.” God, I need a minute, this is where he snaps and this is the line of demarcation when JDS dies Ok, now that I’ve got a cigarette. Joe, I’d hope you’d realize that they are trying to help you sell this house for as much money as possible by doing things correctly. For some reason, they believe in you and are trying to help you. “Y’all bitch about every single thing that I do. Yo, what the fuck are you doing? Just to be real witcha.” Um, I’m not losing $25k in the crypto market, I’m not pissing away my wife’s money in a money pit and I am making fun of you. Oh, and popping some popcorn because this shitshow is amazing. But keep going Joe, keep yelling at the people who are actually fans of yours. “My wife is pretty fucking disappointed in me.” I was worried she was as dumb as you, at least she wised up, kinda. I’m gonna go into that later. “It’s a sad day for the Guerreros” but a happy one for the DEMF Confederacy! And there’s the CashApp “joke” I think it was like, what 2 weeks before he was actively asking for things? Give it a week and there will be a CashApp in the description. Six hours worth of work and he’s gotten like nothing done. I’m surprised he’s not staying over at the flip to avoid his wife. There’s the clip-clop of the Four Horsemen. Joe needs to make an agenda and practice better time management… Better late than never, i suppose. Ooh, yeah, the divorce is happening. “So much has already been lost in the process.” yeah, he’s fucked and she’s on her way out. If she’s not, well, then she’s an idiot. I think she’s only sticking around to get her $7,000 payout, which she’ll then use as a retainer for a divorce attorney. There’s the old Joe. “It’s the housing market is the reason I might not do this again.” I’m sure you can make money flipping houses, even in a normal market, you just have to have skill. But hey, that’d require actual work. And of course, it’s never Joe’s fault. “I’ll continue to build and do contractor work.” How? You’re not a contractor. “I enjoy the work.” Wait, what? God, even with reality bending you over and pegging you as rough as she is right now, you’re still this delusional? You don’t enjoy the work. You enjoy bossing people around and pretending you’re a contractor. My thoughts on Raney I normally would take any opportunity to bash Joe, but in this situation, I really can’t bash him more than I have. Yes, he should’ve treated her investment with more respect, however, she could’ve watched the videos on the other two flip houses he’d done. She could’ve checked on him earlier in this project or just watched the videos. The fact that she’s now getting pissed off at him, well, they’re a match made in heaven. Neither want to accept responsibility for their own poor decisions. So, while I sympathize, damn girl, you shouldn’t have given him a blank check. Conclusion I believe this calls for a DEMF Confederacy celebration!

I don’t want to jinx it, but I got 10-12 hours of sleep and feel slightly better today. But, as Joe would say, no one cares about your DEMF like you care about your DEMF, or something like that. Let’s do this! Pre-Video “Getting it Done Solo”, how does Joe know what I call it when I use my Han Solo vibrator? Fucking pervert. Serious question: I wonder if Damen and Joe are going through a bad breakup, do you think Joe will get sole custody of the crack pipe? Intro We open the video with Joe panting. I guess that’s on brand. The porch is, “back to tip-top shape and looking damn near brand new.” I love how he took like 5 seconds to think of a way to describe it, like he was thinking, “Ok, I can’t say it’s perfect, but what can i use??” And, really? Damn near brand new? The stairs are still old and you left old sections in. I saw someone say Joe would’ve had to get a permit to remove the rest because it’s structural work and I gotta say, I agree with that. No, Joe, I don’t believe this ladybug story. No lady would willingly touch you. “There shouldn’t be luck involved in this, it should be talent, experience and know-how to get shit done.” Well, you’re lacking in all three of those areas, so I guess you’re down to luck. I will say, there’s not a lot of luck involved in like 99% of people’s work. I don’t throw a random formula into Excel and hope it works. But this is bad if you’re relying on luck now. Joe gives us a tour of the people living in their cars in the Lowes parking lot, but, oddly, he isn’t throwing shade at them. I wonder if he realizes he’s close to joining them? But the look on his face says, “Oh fuck, what am I gonna do??” Joe’s got numbness in his hands, probably the diabetes neuropathy. AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA FUCK ME! Joe makes me laugh some times. “By the time it is said and done, I’mma be able to look back on this thing and say, ’Man, I’m proud of all the work that was done in here.’ And I can stand behind all of this. No comment, cause, I mean, there’s nothing I can say. Let’s just let that linger for a moment. chef’s kiss Delectable At the Flip Hell must’ve frozen over, Joe took advice from the comments and isn’t acting like a petulant child. I swear, I can hear the hoof beats of the Four Horsemen… Joe’s been reading directions. And then we cut to Joe walking downstairs because he worked on the porch? Thank goodness, I got scared for a second that I was gonna have to go through the Tribulation and I’m definitely NOT getting raptured. Let me guess, Joe, it was too hard to read the directions and so you did what you always do, run from your problems? Let me know how that works out since you don’t have Damen. Dear lord, you can’t make this up. He’s replaced every plank of wood EXCEPT the one that requires a permit. This is just too good. What an incompetent moron. No cutting corners though. Yay he said the thing!! Watching his rambling while he tries to find ways to avoid work is really interesting. I wonder if he knows Damen will come back so he just needs to do enough to get by? Joe should get a job on cable news, he’s spinning this Damen situation as he can’t afford him. Joe, just admit it, you had fight, you threw a tantrum because things weren’t going your way and you took it out on someone beneath you. We’re used to you being a piece of shit. “And to be honest, gah, I don’t wanna be honest.” Ironically, side note: Joe, this is actual irony, but, ironically, that might be most honest thing he’s ever said. Now he’s just cleaning and de-cluttering. Not that it doesn’t have to be done, but still, could you do some actual work? The floor needs to be reinforced? Interesting, I bet that’s probably a big issue, possibly structural. If it’s bad enough that Joe is going to try and fix it. Joe’s not selling the Filecoin yet because it’s still going down? I want to see what happens if he sees a dead cat bounce on it, lol. But it’s things like this that are such great windows into Joe’s thought process, such as it is. “I need money now, but my Filecoin is going down, so I need to hold it.” Like, it’s a sentence of non sequiturs. Joe, you’re not Bozo the Clown. He was beloved and had a job and produced value for society. You’re more of a Pogo the Clown. [Am I seeing what I think I’m seeing? Cause what it looks like is Joe inserted another 2x4 because something was rotted, that, um, that can’t be good, right?}(https://imgur.com/eHWwoHT) “I got a feeling the guy who buys this is gonna be an adulteress.” Oddly progressive take from Class A Joe, lol. I don’t know about that, Joe, what I do know is that if someone buys this, they need a psych evaluation. “Your wife told you, no food after 8” weird, specific example Joe. What the fuck is he rambling about? And watching him use the drill, I can see why he goes through so many bits. Fucking moron. “Damn you should’ve seen what was under here.” If only there was some kind of device that would allow us to see what you see, who am I kidding, that technology is decades away. But, can I guess what was under there? Something structural? She asked, batting her eyes at Joe and biting her lip, a playful and hopeful light in her green eyes. Bullshit, you didn’t show us cause you know the DEMF Confederacy would rat you out. “Someone said, ‘Joe, you give contractors a bad name.’” Good for them that you aren’t a contractor, so there’s that. “Are you out of your fucking mind? Yo, I be trying.” This is one of those life lessons most of us learn earlier in life, but Joe, trying doesn’t matter. It’s all about results. And when you’re putting together a house for someone else, you better execute. No one cares that you’re trying. What was it Sean Connery said in The Rock? “Losers always whine about their best. Winners go home and fuck the prom queen.” It wouldn’t be a JDS video without a Matt rant. “Not everyone’s worth their salt.” I’m sure you have some spare, you be salty Joe. Joe’s goal isn’t to level the floor, just get it less unlevel, that’s a good look Joe. I’m sure you’ll be so proud of this house. Do we think Joe does stuff just to get us to comment? That’s what you’re supposed to do. But what does it matter? You ban any criticism. Maybe come to the subreddit and play with us. He’s legit telling us there are peaks and valleys in the floor. Self-leveling concrete isn’t going to fix that. There have to be underlying issues. I wonder if there will be more patch materials than actual building materials in the house when Joe gets done. I’m starting to develop a theory that Joe spends most of his day on TikTok instead of working. Yes Joe, please reiterate the fact that you don’t care about children and their safety. I’d almost forgotten that you were an asshole. Joe says he knows how hard work it is to work on the deck by himself. At least you know how Damen feels. Joe doesn’t know why anyone would make fun of him for the toolbelt. I’ll give you the answer: because it’s just something you bought because you’re playing a part. You have no inner life, no thoughts or feelings that are your own, so you attempt to pretend that you’re something you’re not. That’s why we make fun on you. “Otherwise, it’s not very handy at all. It’s kind of bulky and it bumps into everything, it’s just a real pain in the ass.” Are we still talking about the toolbelt? Cause I’m 99% sure that could be applied to you. Again, whining about his best. Conclusion I wonder how many structural things he’s found, that house has got to be a death trap.

Day 5 of Covid, no longer a sundowner, my body aches are full-time. But, I’m definitely shivering less, still have no breathing issues and can put together a recap for the lovely DEMF Confederacy. And yes, you are lovely people, not just because you’re NOT Joe. Intro Joe “found” or “someone left” some more stolen property around him. yawns Not sure what you’re going for Joe? Are you trying to bait us into calling the cops on you and then you have a big laugh when it was all a lie? Probably not the best idea, given that you’re a felon on probation and the last thing you want is scrutiny from the police. Or you’re fishing for sympathy or some other human emotion you don’t deserve. Joe, I’m sure plenty of the DEMF despise you, I do too, but I’m not flying out to VA to plant stuff on you. I have a vested interest in you staying out of jail long enough to have an open house, so in the spring, I can walk through. “Do you know what ‘5/4ths’ is in lumber? It’s an inch-and-a-quarter.” I’m about to blow your mind Joe, but it’s also 1 1/4inch in other materials too. Look at you, 40 years old and learning about improper fractions. Random bit: I just spent 10 minutes learning why wood dimensions are different than listing. That’s kinda cool. Oh god, I just said something about lumber is cool… what if, by the end of next year, when the flip is sold, I’ve become so enamored with construction I actually go get a contractor’s license? Re: the pantry door. “I don’t care about tempered or non-tempered glass. I care about weight.” God, you’re just gonna tee me up? Obviously, not your own weight. And you shouldn’t care about the glass types because of weight, you should care about them because of the safety aspects of a door, in a house you’re trying to sell to someone. “The safety concern is no concern of mine. Just being a buck thousand with you.” At least you’re embracing your assholery. Oooh, and we’re getting a comment response?!? Joe’s gonna make my Friday night. “Folks, there ain’t no cutting corners about it, there was nothing else that could be done about that situation. Let me paint this picture for you, on the sink…” (I’m too lazy to type all this out) Um, this entire project is about cutting corners. I believe one of the DEMFs said, “Joe cuts so many corners it’s now a circle.” And they’re right. Secondly, and probably most important, there was something you could do, you could do it correctly. You could use the correct hardware, you could ask someone for help at Lowes, you could watch a YouTube video. You could google how to solve it, there’s a ton you could do, you went the cutting corners route. “I’m not up here trying to do hack work, but sometimes you’re caught between a rock and a hard spot.” I’m glad you can justify doing subpar work on a property you hope to sell for premium prices. Also, I love how NOTHING is ever Joe’s fault. It’s not his fault he has to do such bad work, nope, it’s probably Matt, or the person who made the drain fitting, it’s never Joe. Dropping the c-word, not even 7 minutes in classy. And yes, Joe, that’s what you do: you do the job right. Then, you learn from this mistake so you don’t make it again. “I take a lot of offense to the hack job thinking there.” Well, get ready to be offended some more, take a seat Hacksaw Joe Dumbass. You aren’t a hack, you’re worse than a hack. You’re a narcissistic piece of shit with no talent who gets upset whenever anyone doesn’t think your sub-hack work isn’t the greatest thing since This Old House. You don’t want to get those comments? Shut the fuck up (as you so love to say) and git gud. There you go, that kills two birds with one stone, you’re a fan of killing animals, so you should like this idea. You don’t get those comments and your properties will be able to command higher prices. Calling Joe a hack really seems to get to him. This is a rare style of anger that he gets, usually when we’ve struck a nerve. “I’m trying to provide not only quality work, not only the best possible work that I can, which I know is so far off from perfection, not only am I trying to provide quality work, but work I can stand behind.” God, so much to unpack, we’re not even 10 minutes in, fuck, I’m gonna earn my early bedtime tonight. Ok, start with, what happened to always seeking perfection? Demanding it from yourself and others? We know what the answer is, it’s a lie, like always. Work you can stand behind? Yeah, you might be creating work you can stand behind… stand behind bars for negligent homicide after you kill a family who stupidly buys this house. Now Joe is telling the Army what presents to get him. Damn, that whole, “don’t send me money” act lasted all of a week. At the Flip Joe glued the quarter round to the tile/tub… that’ll end well. “I love when shit just doesn’t work at all.” So do I, it gives me so much to work with on these recaps. Today is quite the learning experience for Joe. He’s learned about improper fractions and he’s now learned the rule of, “measure twice, cut once.” “Why did I cut so much off?” Because you’re a moron? Is this a rhetorical question? Joe tries to mock us for mocking him for always blaming Matt. Good try, but it’s funny when we do it because it’s true. You mocking us comes off as the kid on the playground who was too stupid and slow to come up with a comeback. And of course it’s not his fault, it was the spigot’s fault. Do you think Joe blames BK’s delicious burgers for making him fat? It’s not his fault that they’re sinfully good! (Random personal insight: I LOVE me some French toast sticks, OMG, soooo fucking good) Joe’s having to replace the porch because the joists were so rotted that it felt like he was bouncing when he walked on them. Madison could’ve told him that. You keep stripping the screws and bits? Let me guess, you didn’t drill pilot holes and I bet you didn’t buy self-tapping screws? (I’ve got my dad and brother addicted to watching these videos, not only do I get to spend time with them, but they teach me things about construction) And now it’s the screws’ fault. Joe’s going to sell his Filecoin, about god damn time. Should’ve done that first, but hey, what do we know? Listening to Joe pant-narrate is quite disturbing. I feel like I’m about to see him pull his dick out and pull a Jeffrey Toobin on us. You know what screams, “$279,000 home”? Having only part of your porch replaced, and having it be so obvious that no amount of paint or stain is going to hide it. What was it you said earlier about not cutting corners and wanting to do work you could stand behind? Why would it take a while for the Filecoin money to come through? I’ve sold crypto via Coinbase, you get your money hella fast. Oh, when you said, “sell your Filecoin” you really meant to say, “I gotta go let Peaches run a train on me and my wife to get us some money.” I’d believe this soliloquy of his was sincere if I hadn’t watched him for more than a year. He’s doing a good job fishing for sympathy, it’s falling on deaf ears, or DEMF ears. But I’m sure the Army will kick him some money. Conclusion I need to spend some time to diagram like, the “Five Stages of Guerrero” and see how close we are to a meltdown. Thank you again for the well-wishes ❤️

Ok, let’s do this. Apparently, covid symptoms get worse at night… so, the fever chills are starting, thankfully, a weighted, heated blanket and a 45lb dog are donating heat to me. Intro “Let’s start the day off a little interesting.” Oooh, promises, promises Joe. I’ve been waiting for you to produce interesting content for quite a while now. Why would Joe be concerned that the police were stopping nearby? Doesn’t he live in a wealthy part of town? And besides, Joe, is this how you are going to subtly confess to crimes? Like “finding” that purse. We’re going to see a finished bathroom today? At the Flip Looks like the silicone patch worked. Maybe Joe should try to replace all the mud with silicone? Joe’s tired of the tub and shower area not looking correct? Ok, so I guess when you cut back, you’ll have ripped it out and be on the phone with a real company? waits five seconds Nope. OMG I take it all back, Joe is one of the greatest content creators of all time. OMFG AHAHAHAHAHAHA, OMG, I wish you could’ve heard the laughter I just let out. WHERE THE HELL DID JOE FIND A BLACK COCK-SHAPED FAUCET??!? I can’t unsee this, omg this is awesome. Oh, the cock is leaking. Damn, Joe, did you stroke it? You know that’s what happens, right? Joe wants to go talk shit to the construction crew, which we know he won’t do. Don’t be knocking DoorDash, that might be your future job. Assuming you don’t eat the customer’s orders on the way to them. Fine Joe, I’ll give you what you’re going for. “Haha, Joe says “caulk” a lot!” There, I acknowledged it, I was too focused on the BBF, the big black faucet. That pantry door looks flimsy as hell, someone’s going to die. Joe’s going to hit us with some real talk. Ooh, boy. If I’m understanding this, he’s told what type of fittings he needs, decides that’s gonna be too much work and just does his own thing… and that’s caused the leaks. I bet I know why. Joe’s going to keep trying to make this ghetto solution work. I’m no Class A, but it seems like it might’ve been more work to do the correct way, but I bet it saves time on the backend. “We lost. There was nothing won today.” Man, Social Distortion’s “Story of My Life” just popped into my head, wonder why that is? “I don’t feel like going back up them stairs and them stairs be working your boy.” Slow down Joe, you’re giving me a lot to work with. You’re not my boy, not even close. But more importantly, how is it you can be working in this house 5-7 days a week, going up and down those stairs a few times a day and you still get winded? I suppose you do go through tools, I don’t think people go through them as fast as you do and I’ll bet they work more. Probably has something to do with they need them for their livelihood, so they take care of them. But you’re just pretending. We’ll see how your attitude changes when you’re having to be a day laborer. And here it is, at the 17:35 mark, Joe officially has started begging for materials. I feel like this is deserving of a celebration? Maybe some wine, some candles… a trip to the tub 😉😉 I love Joe trying to motivate people by calling them lazy. 🤷🏻‍♀️ I guess working 60 hour weeks + managing a fitness routine isn’t doing enough. I should be more like Joe. Conclusion I want to send Joe deck boards, but cut into 3 foot pieces.

Day 3 of Covid… Ugh, been working all day to get ready for an audit, kill me. Ok, you just need to work for another hour and you’ll have the JDS recap done and then you can go to bed. Thanks, me! Pre-Video Oh, now you want to save a few dollars? Now’s the time you want to do that. Good plan, fucking Captain A-Flab over here would be the same person to tell you that maybe it’d be a good idea to leave Moby Dick alone, right as the Pequod was being smashed to bits. Did I check off a fat joke and literary reference? Sure did. Intro There’s some major trouble in paradise, the way he says, “This week is a huge week, not for me, but for my wife.” Damn, Joe be throwing mad shade with that tone. “A very special shout out to… to my beautiful wife.” I could probably spend an hour diagramming that, but let’s just go with, it sounds like she either ain’t beautiful and/or Joe doesn’t think she’s gonna be his wife for much longer. No, Joe, she quit her job because she thought she’d hit the jackpot. Boi doe, didn’t she turn out to be mistaken? This is such bullshit. “She started doing the real estate school and in the middle of that, there was this job, it was too good to pass up.” That doesn’t happen at your income/education level, sorry, it just doesn’t. Don’t care if this makes me come off as a snooty bitch, but you don’t decide to get your realtor’s license if things are going well and you qualify for a good job. It doesn’t happen. Did she become a Mary Kay lady? Is she selling Essential Oils? Because the way you’re talking reads like a fucking ad for an MLM. You know what I love about Joe right now? The absolute blind naïveté when it comes to his wife’s job. Joe, honey, you better start working out and saving money, because she’s putting herself in a position to leave you. She’s realized that she’s stopped chasing her dreams, such as they are (haha, still throwing shade), to be with you, to support your dreams. And she’s realized how bad of a decision that was. Manager to Regional Manager… yeah, she’s selling Essence of Lavender for $30 for 10ml. “That’s so fucking awesome for my wife.” I might amend my statement about Joe not seeing what’s going on. In one of my past relationships, my partner got a fat promotion and you know how we told our friends or how we talked about it? “This is a great promotion for her and great news for us.” Because, in a real partnership, good things generally benefit both of you. Mandy sent him $100… god damn, ok, Joe, here’s your chance to prove your a good person. Send it back to her. sigh people are sending him money, fucking morons. I’m not sure what’s more pathetic: Joe talking constantly about his birthday or the fact that he got a gift card from his in-laws for a birthday present? Joe wants to buy a ladder rack… guess he needs to add to his cosplay. At the Flip Let me get this right, Joe’s “hack” is to repurpose what you have and not spend money if you don’t need to? Gosh, Joe be a regular Gay Ramsey over here with this advice. Fucking moron. What I like better though is that he paints the fixture black. Because when I think “class” the words “rattle can light fixture” spring to mind. Did he cross-thread the pipe? Why are these pipes leaking an issue? It’s no different than the rest of the house. You’ve got to be kidding me. Dumbass had so much space between fittings that there was light coming through?!? And didn’t think it was an issue? How did you address it Joe? Caulk? Yelling at Matt? Now, this is just sad. Joe’s hoodie is so thin you can see the remnants of his career through it! Maybe you should get better piping? Instead of building seals out of silicone? I understand Joe’s rage at thinking he buys a good product and gets let down. I really do. I tune in to JDS every day and hope for good content, but nope, consistent disappointment. Like a Meseeks, “existence is pain” I scream into the void whenever I watch one of these videos. “Where are my manners?” Did you mean, “Where are my men?” The plural of “man” isn’t “manners”. “You’re trying to save everywhere that you can.” Like on excess trips to Lowes that burn excess fuel and drive up your costs? Or did you mean like on cheap labor that inevitably drives up your costs? Pray tell, where do you save money? Wow, their marriage is over. Joe’s trying to appear reasonable and open to criticism. It’s almost like he’s realized he’s going to be having to survive on YouTube money again or get a regular job. Conclusion Thank you for all the well-wishes. 💖 every one of you

Day 2 of Covid. insert Ken Burns-style Civil War background music My Dear DEMFs, the days are long and are growing long. I have been unable to stream Netflix in 4k all day and I needn’t tell you the stress this has caused me. The battle is long, and we will be victorious. The warmth of the anger and hatred from the new JDS video is all I have to sustain myself on this long, winter night.Really having too much fun pretending this is more serious than it is. I will say the constant headache, body aches and fatigue are not fun. But, what’s really fucked up, is that these all go away when I run. So, I can either suffer at home or I can go running, this damn thing is going to force me to be fitter. Intro Joe’s arguing with his wife, apparently. I wonder what they could possibly have to fight about. I mean, they are the Portly Portsmouth Power Couple, right? You wonder how bad things would be for Joe if his wife ever stopped by the subreddit? At the Flip Joe’s been doing research on houses in the area, good for him. He’s also looking at renovation trends. giggles At least he’s doing it, sure, this is stuff that should’ve been done before, but hey, good for you, Joe. Maybe that’s the reason for the fight? Raney went on Zillow and saw what competent work looks like and what price it commands and realized, “Oh fuck, my husband is an idiot.” I’m not a Class A contractor, but this door frame looks, well, bad. Like I had put it in. Something, something, $279,000. I’ve changed my mind, this house is absolutely going to sell for what Joe wants. He just needs to sell it to a Batman villain, with all the fucked up angles, they’ll be right at home. I love that he never noticed it. For someone who wants to flex that he’s a boss and a Class A contractor, Joe doesn’t do a lot of supervising or, well, anything. I love the Guerrero Method: hope that it’s not too noticeable. Because people don’t look at things when they buys houses. Good luck. I can only imagine how fucked up the walls are of this place. Joe’s commenting that the vanity looks like it fell off the truck and they tried to caulk it back together. I didn’t know Joe had a second job as a delivery person. Apparently, one of the neighbors of the flip was washing their underwear outside, by hand. And their yard looks like a junkyard. Yeah, def $279,000 Joe still hasn’t pulled money from Filecoin, but he took out a title loan? He can’t be that dumb, right? I love that Joe built out this shelf, or as I’m calling it, “Shin Killer 9,000”. Really, Joe? Fucking moron. I amend my prior statement, he is that dumb. “I can’t even walk up the stairs without being winded.” giggles I love when stuff we say gets to Joe. I’ll give him credit for being a tiny bit honest. Joe’s been attending TikTok University, but this time, he’s majoring in stairs. He’s going to find a way to make the stairs be one-way only. His incompetence knows no bounds. Conclusion I’m going to bed.

Guess who has the ‘Rona? Ugh, well, that’s what the test says. Anyway, I may or may not have been going around and randomly smelling things. Oh well, guess I’ve got time to make fun of Joe. Pre-Video AHAHAHAHAHA I fucking love the YouTube ads work “More Mistakes”? Really, that’s the best you can come up with? Why not “More Mattstakes?” God, could you at least try to be clever? At least this is only 14 minutes, I guess that’s a good plan Joe. “She can’t possibly rip me apart if I only post 14 minutes of content.” Wrong. Intro Is it just me or has anyone else been counting the different jackets/hoodies that Joe’s been wearing? Good to see the title loan money is going to good use. Thanks for confirming my theory that it was just a bullshit, dinner theater level acting job. “Had a good day over at the house yesterday.” You don’t say that if you’re thinking you should’ve never been born. Bad troll is bad. Joe spent $110 on a Christmas tree. yawn Maybe Joe did crack the code to getting me to not do these, be BORING AF. I’m not gonna bring up your expenses, because, and I’m deadly serious about this: I am completely accurate in my real estate analysis, that house will not sell for anywhere close to $279, $265 or $230. How you spend your money, that’s on you. Maybe, instead of doing these recaps, maybe I could treat these as creative writing assignments and make the video the way it should’ve been and make it good? He’s so proud of this, new channel idea, “Joe Does Math”. Joe Does Math, ep. 1: “Boy, I had a $75 gift card and that shit was still $260-somethin’ even after the gift card, which means it was over $300 to start.” OMG, this actually could be a fun channel, we could do story problems like, “A guard patrols the prison at pace of 3.5 mph and heads west from your cell…” or “I bought three crack rocks, smoked two and then blew a man behind the 7-11 for four more crack rocks, how long can I get high?” At the Flip Two hours in and he’s framed one window… “Have I told you today, ‘fuck Matt’?… If ever saw this dude again, I would fight him.” Has Joe ever been on the internet? Talk is cheap, you’re a big YouTube star, go look him up, find him, head over to his house and, what is it you like to yell? “Fuck me, Peaches!” No, wait, the OTHER thing you like to yell, “Hold court in the streets.” Do that. “Now there was also a repair that needed to be made in the side of the house. The sheathing was rotted so he replaced that. I watched him do that… Well, Damen goes up there first thing this morning and there’s a fucking hole you can put your hand into the house.” Hmm, Joe, since I know you read these, I bolded the takeaway line for you. If you’re supervising an employee and you watch them complete a job, then any deficiencies in that job are on you. Why didn’t you double check? Oh… the ladder is probably only rated for 200lbs and/or you are incapable of climbing a ladder w/out your heart exploding. “I’m so turned off on hiring anyone who says they’re skilled at this point.” Or, you could look at from where you’re getting them. You know, there’s a website that’s used in finance (and I’m sure other industries use it), The Ladders. And it caters only to people looking for and posting positions that pay >$100k/year. It’s a great way to find mid-level/upper level talent. You don’t go to Craigslist for a Senior VP. Like everything else in your life Joe, you created your own problem. “Bitch, if you see it, address it or at least let me know.” I go back to what I asked earlier, if you were supervising him and watching the repair, why didn’t YOU see it and address it? Why weren’t you inspecting that work yourself? This whole scapegoating Matt thing is about as worn out as your belt. “You assumed and your assumption was correct, that I wasn’t gonna go up there and check…” Side note: this is why commenting on this live is so weird, I rant and then he addresses my rant. But hey, thanks again Joe! I appreciate the assist, you a regular John Stockton. yawn All of this, Joe, all of it, is your fault. You’re not checking the work of random Craigslist hires, shit’s on you. Joe’s achievement for the day was doing half-round on all the windows, except he didn’t get all the rooms done. What a way to spend 6 hours. “Folks, I know it’s not super exciting times over here right now, it could be though” what’s unsaid was, “it could be fun, but the fucking DEMF Confederacy will rip me apart.” Conclusion Another video of anti-content, other than Joe acting like an internet tough guy, circa 2003. The only thing missing was him telling us that his daddy could beat up Matt’s daddy.

Happy Saturday to my fave people 🙃 I’m supposed to meet some friends for drinks later tonight, but you think I’m gonna let Joe drop a video and me not comment? Fuck that noise. Let’s do this. The sad thing is, I can’t really bring this up in conversation, not without looking really weird. Pre-video $20k over budget? Well, we know that’s a lie, let’s run that number through Guerrero-cus, it’s like an abacus but instead of balls, it’s multi-colored cocks. I’m going to say $30k over budget by the time we adjust for his lies and his wife’s profit. and the only way this could be worse would be if I was sentence to work for Joe as part of some plea bargain. Intro Before I get more than 40 seconds in, can I offer a hypothesis that this is just bullshit clickbait and that he’s really not over budget and/or not over by that much? I know I did the Joe-Math up top, but there’s a part of me that just doesn’t trust this. He’s too happy for someone supposedly 66.67% over budget and it’s too much in line with what we’ve been saying. “Where did we go wrong?” Jesus, not sure how you can put all of that into a 23 minute video. But hey, if you leave something out, I’m sure we’ll be there to remind you. Not even 60 seconds later, Joe’s taking his wife out to a nice dinner. Based on the photos, where are you taking her? Did you get a job as caretaker of the Overlook Hotel? Cause that shit was empty. Quick bet: which is/was emptier, Joe’s head or that fancy restaurant? “I’d rather work by myself, that way I can at least save $130.” Is that all Damen makes? Fun fact, since we know Damen makes $18.75/hour, that means they’re only working 7 hours a day. “I got a lot of material for After Prison Show, I just ain’t had the chance to do anything with it.” What Joe didn’t say was, “Some bitch on the subreddit already did Thanksgiving in prison.” Joe’s rambling about some guy he thinks might have snitched on him 20 years ago. And then says, “That could be a good video, ‘Making Amends with someone who Snitched on Me’” Damn, Joe, slow down, buy a girl dinner first before you start throwing him under the bus and throwing shade like that. I’m surprised he’s out of breath as much as he is, what with all the jumping to conclusions he does. At the Flip Joe’s sitting down to talk to us about being over budget and this is fucking pure, uncut Joe. “I guess it’s kinda to be expected. Like what did I expect?” I better not meet someone tonight because my fingers are going to be worn out responding to this 😉 It’s to be expected when you buy a house sans inspection and for full listing price that’s an absolute shithole that even someone with ZERO construction experience could’ve told you was a bad idea. Which, that segues nicely into, what did you expect? You expected to be able to come in, throw some paint at it, new floors and half-ass it and collect your check. That’s what you expected because you’re like the white trash version of Carlton Sheets, except instead of buying with “No Money Down” you were like, “fuck you, I’m gonna put ALL MY MONEY DOWN!” God damn, we made it five seconds. $8,000 in windows? Wait, what? The windows were between $2-300 per, so that’s only $3,600 - $5,400 for windows. Oh, I forgot, that includes the professional installers. Never mind, carry on. Joe’s learning that labor is expensive. Joe says he’s at $46.9k. Um, no, that can’t be right. Hang on, god dammit. Joe says the house is gonna be done in January and we know Damen makes $130/day at 6 days per week, that’s $780/week, at the bare minimum, if the house is done Jan 1, he’s looking at $3,640, bringing him up to $50,300, but that also assumes NO other expenses, no trips to Lowes and no fuel costs. “Still hopeful to see a decent return (Haha). Now that brings me to the next concern, which is… so, folks, last couple of days I’ve started doing research… I don’t know if the housing market is still hot” You know what, I can come home alone tonight, because the only way this could be better would be if Joe said, “SarcasticPanda, Aly, you’re right and I’m wrong.” God, I should’ve turned down the lights, lit some candles and taken a bubble bath for this kind of romance. “So, I go looking on Zillow, and I ran across a house… cut to him seeing two home that are selling for $275,000.” (I’m gonna have to find those and report to you) You know, Joe, you could’ve just come to me and offered me $100 and I’d have done market research for you and could’ve told you that this was a HORRIBLE idea. But, hey, sometimes you gotta learn the hard way. Now, my mom always told me, “Sandra, don’t rub it in people’s faces when you’re right.” Gonna have to go against my mom here… AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA FUCK YES!!!! OH FUCK YES! FUCKING RIGHT, THAT’S RIGHT JOE, YOU FUCKING MORON!!!! WHO WAS RIGHT? THE DEMF-MOTHERFUCKING-CONFEDERACY, THAT’S RIGHT, WE WERE RIGHT!!! I love Joe throwing shade about quality of work. Joe, buddy, you know you just said that none of your walls were square and were wavy, just like your floors. “We got to worry about if, when and for how much we’re gonna get out of this thing.” Yeah, I don’t need to go out, this is… Call me Lady Gaga cause I’m Speechless! You know, the thing that you should’ve worried about, you know, BEFORE you bought this house, you’re just now worrying about. Fucking awesome. “I went and got a Title Max loan on my truck, sometimes you gotta do what you gotta do.” AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA God, I don’t know how much better this could get? Christmas came early! Ok, #RealTalk with the DEMF Confederacy… how baller would it be to buy the title loan from Title Max and take possession of Joe’s truck? And working until two and three, yeah, Joe really cares about his money. He worked until 2:30, damn, I’m impressed. No reason to work harder and/or faster right? I hear title loans have great interest rates. “It’s just me and a guy and sometimes it’s just me, I don’t say that to bitch.” No, you do. That’s exactly why you do it. “I’m proud. That’s what I want to say, I’m proud.” Why? Serious question, why? Conclusion I think there’s only one thing to be said: HAIL TO THE MOTHERFUCKING DEMF CONFEDERACY!!!! 🎆🎆 In celebration, tonight, I will be gilding every person who comments. I hope everyone has a wonderful night! 💖you all!!!💖

I’m so excited!! It’s Thanksgiving Eve and tomorrow it’s gonna be all about those turkey sandwiches, omg, soooo excited!!! Oh, and we have a new JDS video. God dammit. Pre-Video “Front Door Action”, huh? I mean, play into the meme Joe and own that back door action. Whatever, let’s get through this. Intro Already bringing up that you smoke weed. Joe’s the kind of guy who was the kid in high school who claimed he was a borderline alcoholic because he stole a sip of his mom’s Bacardi Raz. Joe’s not going to do landscape today because of the wind, he says it would make it look like he’d done nothing at all. I don’t see why that’s a concern, it hasn’t stopped you in any other aspect of your life. Joe’s To Do Flooring, window trim and getting materials. Good, small goals Joe, you got this. I’m glad you’re aiming low, you don’t want to work too hard and burn out. At the Flip And another Class A move, the top of the handrail will be poplar and the bottom will be oak and won’t be the same design. Maybe Joe is an impressionist contractor? That’d explain why he just makes things vaguely resemble what they should and it’s up to our imagination to see his vision. Or he’s just a lazy moron. AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA you couldn’t write this any better. Joe got the wrong type of stair rail posts, they have round pegs but the stairs have square holes. Instead of taking 5 seconds to look at what he needed, he just goes to Lowes and dumps money into buying useless materials. No one cares about Joe’s money like Joe does, that’s fo sho! Joe ripped up a bunch of flooring in the living room and used floor patch to try and level it, I guess? There’s probably a more serious, underlying issue, but why solve that when you can patch it? Joe installed a new door. Good for him. But can we talk about, I don’t know, what the actual fuck is this? I’ve got no words for how atrocious that looks. But I’m sure Joe has a plan for that. I’m happy Joe got a door installed. Goodie. And since it’s the end of your day, let’s recap what you’ve done. You spent money, check. Did you do flooring? Nope, in fact you set yourself back, but you managed to install a door and make the house somehow look worse and you did some window trim. You’re almost accomplishing half of what you set out to do. Good job. Also, this is what the outside of the door looks like. This looks terrible to me, it’s obvious it’s an older window + new door. I was worried I wasn’t going to have much to talk about (more on that below) but then Joe dropped this on me, “I’m going to dinner tonight, I’m actually getting treated tonight, my good friend Connor is taking me and my wife out to dinner. And if he’s not, well, he is, he just doesn’t know it yet.” So much to unpack. Based on the photo we saw of the throuple (haha, yeah, I’m rolling with that) and Joe, it’s just another example of Joe being a third wheel in his own marriage. That’s impressive. I hope he treats her right, Joe. Next, can we talk about what an asshole move that is to volunteer someone else to buy you dinner? I get it, he’s banging your wife like an overly excited kid in the drum line of a marching band, but still. I’d absolutely stick you with the bill if you tried that. Lastly, it just seems sad. He doesn’t make it to your birthday, doesn’t seem like he’s going to be at your Thanksgiving and you’re trying to make him buy you a dinner. God, that’s pathetic on so many levels. Conclusion Joe seems to have cracked the code on how to sabotage my reviews: say something, cut, say something, cut, say something, end of the day. Can’t review his bullshit if he doesn’t give me bullshit to review. We’ll see how long this lasts, he likes talking way too much. Anyways, happy Thanksgiving to you and yours 💖

Happy Tuesday, I hope everyone’s got a shortened week because of Thanksgiving! Unlike Joe, I’m thankful for every member of the DEMF Confederacy. Now, with that wholesomeness behind us, let’s wholeheartedly roast an asshole! Pre-Video Rant “Can’t get no worser than this…” At least you’ve used the correct number of periods for the ellipsis. You know, I’d buy this whole, “I’m so broke” thing if you hadn’t gotten high on your birthday. Sure, weed is legal, but it’s still NOT cheap. The cartridges I buy are like $60 per. Granted, they last a while but it’s not a cheap hobby. I hate using gendered language like this, but Joe, man the fuck up and just ask for money. None of us respect you now, it can’t make it worse. Wait, not done yet. “Almost couldn’t pay my helper” is that what Damen is to you? Motherfucker is the Kiff to your Zap Brannigan. And that’s what you call him, publicly, your “helper”. Jesus tap-dancing Christ. Damen, hun, go get a different job, please! Intro I got an idea, let’s write down everything Joe says he wants to get done in the intro and we’ll compare it at the end. Let’s try to get an efficiency rating for him. And yes, I’m fun at parties 🥳🤓 Joe’s Goals: Run flooring in the living room today, window trim in the living room, finish up the painting (I’m going to assume living room), and get to the flooring in some other room? Oh, and work on the pantry. Whatever, good plan, let’s see if he executes, or, if like his sperm, it just doesn’t have the ability to cross the finish line. At the Flip Joe’s now spending his morning window shopping at Lowes. Could you imagine him trying to pull off an Oliver Twist look at the flooring section, just hoping one of the other customers takes pity on him and buys him something? “Please sir, may I have some more of the cheapest flooring?” “MORE?!? You want more?!?” I love how every decision Joe makes, not only destroys his bank account but also kills the value of the house. He threw away the posts and all of the stair bannister, handrail things. Instead of just sanding and repainting them, you know, cause it’s an old house and would look good, nope, into the garbage they went. But, Joe will save some windows to make a door that will slice a kid’s face off. Like fucking Rain Man over here. Joe’s debating on running flooring straight through one living room to the dining room. And, I swear to God I’m not making this up, here’s him thinking, “This room right here make me feel like we should run it straight in, maybe it’d be easier to do that. That would burn up a shit ton of flooring though.” Does Joe believe that he uses more pieces of flooring by running them all together than if he used a transition strip? AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA fucking awesome. Someone should show him that gif of the chocolate bar being cut down and creating infinite chocolate. Just because I want to see the video of him trying to do it for an hour and seeing all the unwrapped and cut up bars of chocolate next to him. In two hours, Joe has cased one window, but I’m sure that’ll be fine, Class A Joe, they also call him Twelve Hour Joe because of how long he works. Joe makes sure the job is DONE! Did anyone else hear that Joe is having money problems? I had no idea. Joe did the second window in an hour and twenty minutes. Except the windows are aligned ROFL. This just gets better and better. The windows aren’t level and the ceiling is wavy. Do any of us believe that Joe is selling plasma for this? We get it, you’re broke and you’re pouring your blood, sweat and tears into this house. Except, you’re really not. You’re barely accomplishing anything. You’re using your resources, human and otherwise, inefficiently. You’re not creating any kind of game plan, further adding to the waste of resources. Joe, you still accepting money to be your boss for a day? $2,000 and I’ll make sure your eight hours is productive. Joe’s complaining that his laser level can be adjusted? I’m not sure. “You can manipulate this thing so much to make it wherever you want it to be for level.” You mean that you can aim it however you want? I’m so confused. I’m pretty sure you could do the same with one of those ruler levels. Back after lunch, it’s now 12:48 and we’re starting floors. “I’m all out of wood, like I said.” Damn Joe, you could call Matt, say you’re sorry and ask if he wants to come over and watch some Netflix 😉 Joe has the audacity to criticize the original, cheap flooring. You’re replacing it with less cheap flooring, big deal. We’re not talking The Jeffersons, “Moving On Up” here. We’re talking about going to Pei Wei instead of Panda Express, they’re still cheap, one just won’t give you the clap. “We’ve come a long way boys, like watching a proud son that made it.” I take it your dad is happy with the way your brother turned out then? I’m going to rage a bit. “So, breaking news, I’m no longer broke. I went to the pawn shop, I pawned everything I own, I went to the plasma center, donated plasma and folks, I am rich, in spirit.” Fuck you. You do realize that these are actual struggles that other people go through, right? If it wasn’t bad enough for you to cosplay as a blue collar worker, you’re not cosplaying as a poor person and thinking it’s just a fun time. Fuck you with a rusty fucking post. You know what people in that situation want to hear? “Haha, I can be poor too and I can use a pawn shop.” Fuck you, you ain’t broke. Sell your Filecoin, take the hit but you’d have $10k and shut the fuck up. Except, and this is my theory, the Filecoin thing was bullshit. You either already sold it when you were putting money together for this house or you didn’t have nearly as much as you said. And, what did you pawn anyway? What assets do you have that are worth a damn to a pawn shop? And Joe now brings up the Filecoin. I don’t know what’s worse: Joe pretending to be poor OR Joe being so fucking stupid as to not cash out the one liquid asset he has? If I ever get into financial trouble, the first fucking thing that’s going is my brokerage account. I’m not pawning my TV or guns, mainly because I can get more stuff and money with the guns. This is why I don’t believe ANY of this. And it’s insulting to people who actually are struggling or who have struggled in the past. Oh wow, Joe stayed until 4. Flooring isn’t done, so we’ve got him completing the window trim and painting. So, let’s go with 2/4 things achieved, congrats Joe, you’re accomplishing about 50% of what you set out to do each day, which means we can safely double any estimates you give on completion of this project. Next week? Nope, if this gets done, it’ll be at least two more weeks out. Haha, math! Joe is now throwing tools at his level 5 finish walls. That’s the action of a mature individual. What a fucking child. Conclusion Assuming that he actually did pawn things, I’m happy because all it’s doing is adding up those costs making the prospect of a profit harder to see than Joe’s dick in that bushy FUPA. You’re welcome for that image. Also, I absolutely despise his little poverty cosplay, and the fact that people int he comments aren’t ripping him apart saddens me.

I’m breaking my one rule for doing these: I’m watching it once before actually recapping/reviewing. I’m not sure why, just something about the last couple of videos makes me want to sit with them longer, I feel like I miss things otherwise. Well, let’s see how this goes. Intro True to form, Joe continues to ramble about nothing. Connor apparently couldn’t make it to Joe’s birthday party. Poor Joe. But he did want us to know that he gets to do Thanksgiving twice this year. Great? Why do you think we care about this? “We all talked about what we’re thankful for. Go follow my new Instagram “Joe Does Stuff Kind of” for some pictures from last night.” You may be thinking that I should’ve put an ellipsis in there, but no, that’s how those two sentences went together. Makes you wonder what Joe is thankful for. I bet he’ll tell us though. He’s extremely humble and thankful, so I’m sure we’re gonna get some words of wisdom. “Was really just a, just a humbling birthday. A time for me to sit back and reflect on the things that I was thankful for. To slow down a little bit (Sorry, gotta interject here, right, because you’re always going a mile a minute, “Go-Go Joe, Class A All the Way! That’s what they call you.) To take a day off, to just breathe (panting more like it) Just relax.” We still haven’t gotten to what he’s thankful FOR. “Still ended up at the flip house yesterday, just showing it to my wife and showing it to, uh, my father through a FaceTime call, so that was good.” I’m guessing Raney got Joe good and drunk so he wouldn’t say no to letting her in the house so she could inspect her investment. I’m split on the call to daddy. The way Joe talks sometimes, I legit feel bad for him. He wants his dad’s approval desperately, and I get that, I really do. I understand wanting your parents’ approval, especially when you’ve fucked up or haven’t followed the traditional path. The problem for Joe, is he’s just such a horrible human being. Did Daddy-G throw some coin into this? Maybe? I don’t know. If that’s the case, I wonder how much and I really wonder how much that’s going to eat into his profit margin (haha, profit). Joe hopes to have the house wrapped this week. Oh, never mind, it’ll be next week. I’m calling it now, December 13th will be the completion date. And… Joe never tells us what he’s thankful for. At the Flip We’re getting some comment response. Will it be to any of our comments? Let’s find out. here’s an interesting question: what did Joe say more of in the last two videos, “birthday” or “broke”? “But no big deal, we’ll be back this upcoming week. We will be back and we’ll be in a place where we’re going to finish this damn house.” Maybe Daddy-G kicked in money? I can’t imagine why? I get having friends that you want to see succeed and you ignore your commonsense and do things for them that you’d never do to anyone else, but if Joe’s dad is in the position to invest this kind of money, you’d think he’d do some due diligence. “I don’t want you to feel sorry for me. I don’t need you to feel fucking sorry for me.” Hmm, the sub 100k subscribers, inability to crack 10k views and general broke-ness of you would beg to differ. And please, Joe, get indignant, be an asshole, that’ll be a good way to bring people in to smash that subscribe button. Also, that is true, Joe doesn’t need pity without action. You need to CashApp him, that’s how you show pity. “I’m just sharing with you real life shit.” Which type of “real life shit” is this? Was it you using a bucket? Was it your content? Both of those could qualify. “My wife and I were talking yesterday about how wrong I be doing these fucking flips, yo.” There are just so many things that could be wrong, I wonder what Joe thinks he’s doing wrong. Oh, using his money and not wasting other people’s money. One interesting takeaway was that Joe thinks that if you don’t use your money that you can’t end up broke. Uh, Joe, if you fuck up with a loan, it doesn’t matter if the house doesn’t sell, they’ll come after your money anyway. But maybe we should let him think that. And Joe’s found the next flip in the neighborhood. Dear lord in heaven, start the food truck, do anything but flip houses, you’re not good at this. “Don’t mind me talking about that I’m broke, I am broke.” You generally only need to tell us once, maybe twice. You’re absolutely fishing for pity and money. At least own that. “I need you to know that I’m broke. I share that with you because I can’t go buy more materials.” Again, fishing for money. It’s so transparent. “Are you broke?” Nope. But I’ve been broke and can relate. However, I didn’t keep harping on it when I was. Get over yourself. “And I was broke on my birthday.” Did you want a birthday card from someone with a few thousand in it? Why does that matter? Most birthdays, once you pass 21 stop mattering. “No, I feel sorry for myself.” Hallelujah, from your lips to God’s ears with that truth. Joe’s going to explain the need for transition strips. “This is an old house, it ain’t square, it ain’t plumb. Elevation and levelness is gonna be kinda wonky in certain places, it’s what you’re gonna have in an old house.” I bet those are things that a, you know, Class A contractor, could fix. In fact, shouldn’t you fix unlevel floors, like, just as a matter of course? But good to know that the house is SOOOO fucked up that you can’t run flooring from one room to another because of the changes in elevation. I love when Joe tells the truth. “If a house is out of level, I’m not even looking at the house with any kind of interest in getting it.” And yet you bought this one. Oh, wait, you waved your checkbook around and bought without an inspection, my bad, carry on. “I do take offense to you guys saying I don’t have my shit together here.” Because you don’t. I’m saying it now, you don’t have your shit together, at the flip, at your own home, anywhere. You are completely floundering and failing. I love Matt. Joe has to cut the countertops to fit the stove back in. I want to hug Matt. “Some people were just born fucking incompetent.” And yet, you still haven’t managed to kill yourself, much to our disappointment. You can really see what pisses Joe off by how much he tries to make jokes about it. Like the “bankers’ hours” dig. It bothers him to no end, because it’s true. Someone named “Leland” gave Joe the $15 and then gave him $20 for his birthday. I remember asking if Joe was going to send that money back, you know, because he doesn’t want pity or handouts. Guess we have our answer, he’s keeping that money. Conclusion I got nothing, I want to go to bed. He’s such a scummy person and I feel so bad for Leland. Leland, you can do better things with your money. He doesn’t care about you, he doesn’t give a damn about your charity. If he cared about you, he’d send it back.

Happy Friday to all the lovely DEMFs! I want to say how thankful I am to have found this community (I get sappy AF during this time of year, get used to this). Y’all are some of the funniest, smartest and best people to spend time with. I’m so happy that we get to trash on Joe together. 💖💖💖 Pre-Video That thumbnail is the thumbnail of a man about to lose it. The smile doesn’t reach his eyes, it’s so wrong, it’s… just ew. Ok, we’ve got 27 minutes, let’s do this! Intro Oooh, boy, Joe, don’t you tease me when you say you have a lot of comments to get to! I do love the look you’re going for with the camo hoodie, high-viz shirt, hunter orange beanie and aviators. You look like what I imagine every frat boy douche ends up like at 40. “Hopefully, it’s going to be a real productive day.” Well, spending time responding to the DEMFs instead of working is the best way to spend your workday. Not that this is super important, but I stopped at the store and bought some Ghirardelli caramel squares, absolutely heavenly. Joe might be working late two days in a row! Someone should check his neck to see if he’s been taken over by a body snatcher. Ooh, he’s got to be pissed if we’re getting a comment response before the two minute mark. Wow, this is good, god damn, I feel like I’m overdressed for this, I should be wearing something much more revealing if Joe’s going to caress my ears with this! “Let me tell you something, I ain’t dat stupid, you know?” No, Joe, I really don’t. But, what do I know, right? I only have 100+ videos on this channel and however many on your other channel to go off of. Definitely jumping to conclusions when it comes to your intelligence. But please, continue, because the rage of the retarded, impotent (haha double meaning for you) and loud as it is, will be a symphony of delight to my ears. “Sometimes you can’t get a fan box in.” Naw, too easy to make the sex joke. How about this? Joe, if you were really a Class A contractor, I’m sure you’d have experienced this situation before and could call upon your vast experience to solve the problem to make sure you were giving your potential buyers a $279,000 home. But you’re not, so you can’t. “Some of you people think you got all the damn sense, and that I just ain’t got none.” Wow, this is weird, Joe, you’re 100% correct. Way to keep a buck one thousand on that. I’m surprised you don’t have to write on your hand, “Don’t forget to breathe.” That’s how little I think of your intelligence. Fuck, we are only 3 minutes in, god this is good, hang on, I need booze! To my bar! “I know ya mad. You seeing me get this damn thing done.” We are? Why would I be mad at that? If you were doing this correctly, I wouldn’t really care. I doubt I’d be watching these and recapping them. Sorry, Joe, you don’t do anything for me. Like, I have plenty of hot YouTubers I follow that I’d rather watch. And, honestly, I feel like I have some kind of civic duty to point out your bullshit because you’re creating a death trap. “You don’t think I’m over here working long enough.” Well, what else should we think? For someone who has risked everything and put it all on the line, you’re pretty fucking lazy. And there it is!! “Just shut the fuck up, that’s what I want to say to so many of you, just shut the fuck up.” Oh, Joe, honey, let’s think about what you just said, I’ll give you a hint, the fact that SO MANY people are pissing you off might be an indicator that you’re doing something wrong. But hey, come to the subreddit and tell me to shut up, I won’t, but at least come at the DEMF Confederacy. “You think I give a fuck what you say?” The fact that you’re making this video and taking the time to respond to us, yes, yes I think you do. In fact, I think that what we say bothers you more and more because we’re right, and on some level, you know it. You have to do these replies and hope that the image of some overweight, ex-con, failure yelling into the camera intimidates us into shutting up. Sorry, Joe, it doesn’t. You’re a sad man, alone in a truck, yelling into the void. At least the DEMF Confederacy likes each other. 🤷🏻‍♀️ “You think anything you say is gonna make or break anything that I’m doing?” Not really, what I do think it will do is keep your ass in line because you know someone is out there watching you and if you do anything remotely illegal, you know we’ll call the city on you. Think of us as the little angel on your shoulder, telling you to do the right thing. “I still got this house done in four months.” “Hey Siri, set a reminder to send Joe this clip on December 2nd while he’s at the flip house, blowing dudes off Craigslist instead of paying them.” “Go get a job, go do something, go chase your dreams.” Check, check and check. You’re a fun diversion at the end of the day, Joe. But, you should probably look into professional resume writing services for when you’re broke and need to join the rest of us W-2s. “Stop trying to shit on mine.” Don’t really need to, you’re doing a bang-up job of that yourself. At the Flip Not even 45 seconds ago, you’re talking that you got this house done in four months and what do you do? The first thing you do is you mud the front room, again. Joe, you do know that the adobe jokes we make are just that, jokes. You really shouldn’t actually be trying to make the house out of mud. “I’m really getting ready to rock and roll on this kitchen, I swear I am folks.” Why don’t you just execute? Instead of rambling about what you’re gonna do, just do it. And a cut to noon, Joe’s painted two windows in the kitchen, took a door off and worked on it, tried to fix a piece of trim and did some mud work. Three hours worth of work. I know we joke about Joe having to get a job, but he’s in for such a rude awakening when he actually has a boss, because there’s no way a boss lets this fly. That’s when he’s going to go back to prison… OMG, I have a short story idea, I need to write it up after this and share it with you. Holy fuck, this might be one of the better things I write. I thought I was gonna get through a whole video w/o Joe whining about Matt, but nope. Good Joe, mock people with anxiety. It couldn’t be your fault, could it? I can’t imagine how horrible it was working for you. Makes me want to throw Matt some money, maybe start a GoFundMe for him, just so it could be more successful than yours. Wouldn’t that be great? If Matt made more money off this flip than Joe did? “I know you say, ‘Joe when you are gonna stop talking about this guy?’ Never!” Joe, we all have the one that got away. We could probably get drinks and spend hours talking about them, I could tell you about my ex-fiancé and you could tell me about Matt and we could just share. But, Joe, there will be other men, you’re the perfect guy for someone just out of a relationship who wants to go slumming. Why is Joe upset over a crack in the wall? It’s a chance for him to mud all over it. “Joe, why don’t you re-roll that wall? I don’t feel like doing that.” <— that is the title of Joe’s autobiography, rightchere. And that is the explanation for all of Joe’s failings, all of the struggles, all of it, he doesn’t feel like doing that. Whatever Joe doesn’t feel like doing, he won’t do. He’s caulking a crack in a wall? K… Joe’s bemoaning the fact that he’s broke on his birthday and he can’t buy himself a present. That might be one of the saddest things he’s ever let slip. I’d feel bad, well, for anyone else, for Joe, I just giggle. You’re right Joe, the flip house is so much different from when you purchased to to now. It’s been upgraded from crack shack to meth mansion status. “I think the first two months were just cleanup.” I’m 90% sure that most people would spend a week, maybe two cleaning that house out and getting it ready to be worked. But, those must be class B or C contractors. I love when Joe is mad. He does things just to annoy people, like painting on wet caulk. Joe, you know that doesn’t hurt us, right? It’s still your house that you have to sell. It doesn’t even make me mad, I just comment on it and giggle again. Also, that might be the vodka. “Joe, you can’t paint sideways, you got to paint perpendicular to the wall!” Well, not to be that person, who am I kidding, these reviews are all about me being that person. Perpendicular to the wall, would, probably be sideways. Parallel is the P-word your looking for. Other words that start with P include: Pussy, Pathetic, Panting, Pretentious and your fave word, Panda. Joe’s considering disabling the comments. I mean, go for it. You do realize that will only drive people to other places to discuss the channel, places like, oh, I don’t know, the DEMF Confederacy HQ. I don’t know if you realize how bad that’d be. But hey, whatever floats your boat, Pol Putty. “Sometimes, y’all be getting to me.” Let’s see where this goes. “Y’all be hurting my feelings, I think that’s you try to do.” Not really, if that happens, that’s a bonus for me. I just like making people laugh 😂 “I think what if you were my boss, how would that play out?” Do you really want to know? Assuming I wanted to keep you, I’d pair you up with an older, experienced person who wouldn’t put up with your bullshit and who would actually train you and teach you things. They’d be in charge of scheduling your day, because the less freedom you have in your day, the better. You’re the type of person who needs stimulation and an experienced person could do that. If I wanted to get rid of you, I’d put you with one of my best people that was younger than you and, if they were a woman, I’d definitely put you with them. Because you’re such a sexist pig that any woman that told you what to do would be opening herself up to all sorts of abuse from you. Of course, I don’t think we’d get to that point, because we know how much you hate women. I doubt you’d respect me in any way, shape or form. But, for the sake of your question, that’s how I’d handle you. “I know you don’t be thinking I work hard, but I really do.” Achievement unlocked: Self-Delusion Level: Everest. If you have to tell us, there’s something wrong. We can see these videos, this is a visual medium. Oh, please, yes, please do this contest and let me be your boss for a day. OMG, yes! Joe, I don’t think you’ve ever made a woman this excited. What do I have to do?!? OMG, PLEASEEEEEEEEE!!!!!! “Of course, this shit ain’t free.” Joe, I’m taking stock of all my liquid assets right now. Don’t worry, I’ll make it worth your while. $100 entry for the raffle? Fuck that noise, $2,000, right now. Venmo, Zelle, Wire or ACH. Fuck it, $3,000. “Like anything involving this, it’s been tedious to say the least.” God, that’s the thought that goes through my head on like 90% of these videos. Conclusion It truly is the season of giving and boi doe, Joe gave me a present. I love when he doesn’t let the haters get to him and we don’t get to him so much that he has to make a video about us, but we definitely don’t get to him. Also, I HAVE to be Joe’s boss for a day. OMG, I need to make that happen.

Thank goodness Joe uploaded a new video. Work was getting kinda dull. And no, I’m not Rainey. Seriously? 🥺 😢 Pre-Video “House Bath” we aren’t even trying to be creative, are we Joe? And great thumbnail choice, half of someone’s leg in the upper left corner and the pressure washer kinda centered, but not quite. Rule of Thirds is about framing, not about you getting extra helpings at the dinner table. Well, at least this is only 20 minutes long. Intro I guess Joe’s given up on trying to film as he’s getting into the truck, instead, we’re just jumping to him leaving from Lowes. With what money? I don’t think you’ll find many more DEMFs who want you to be broke, more than I, but really? Could you at least keep up the charade that you’re broke? And stop wearing the high-viz hoodie. It’s like what I’d put on my nephew so I don’t lose him in a crowd, or what the special-ed teachers put on the short-bus kids. Quite fitting, actually. Oh, and you forgot pressure washing soap. You’re literally going to do one thing today and that is pressure wash the house and you forgot the soap. If I tried to write you as a character in a story, no editor would publish it, you’re too unbelievably dumb. Fuck me, 19 seconds in. Hmm, do I think my manager is going to call before the end of the day or can I start drinking now…? BRB, getting rum. Motherfucker is going to use dish soap in a pressure washer, “What’s the worst that could happen?” Honestly, I don’t know. But maybe, just maybe, since everything is on the line and you’re risking it all for the biscuit all, fuck, I feel so dirty just typing that, maybe you should do things properly and avoid introducing unnecessary variables? Fuck me, two drinks in and I’m now on a phone call with my manager and our director. Guess I shouldn’t have skipped lunch. “I’m excited, hopefully you guys are as well.” Definitely one-sided on that excitement. That was a fun 10 minute call. At least it wasn’t an email chain. Now I can get drunk in peace, maybe. At the Flip Joe got to the flip at 9am, or at least that’s when he began filming… yeah, really grinding hard. God, lot to unpack here. First, Joe’s light from his house? That might be one of the ugliest things I’ve seen. Anyone remember that Wiz Khalifa song, “Black and Yellow?” Yeah, major Wiz Khalifa vibes from this house. Second, Joe can’t figure out how to hook it up correctly and is basically playing with electrical wires. Whoever buys this house, dear lord, please, please have all of this redone. Or maybe that’s how the flip is going to get solved, an electrical fire? Third, the two flush-mount lights are different colors. You can’t make this stuff up. One is white, one is yellow. I swear it was just last video that Joe was talking about having all the same hardware/lighting would make the house look nice and instead, we’re getting this mess. Two and a half hours and he’s finally hooked up that god awful fixture. Something’s off about it and I can’t quite put my finger on it. You know what it is? It’s too damn low, it looks like it’s lower than the door frame. That’s a good look that definitely won’t make the house feel like the ceilings are lower than they actually are. People don’t want vaulted ceilings, they want to cosplay as Gollum in a low cave, screaming about Hobbitses and eat raw fish. That’s the aesthetic people want. “It looks a lot more expensive than it is.” Nope, it really doesn’t. You’ve got exposed lightbulbs nearly eye-level with people. I guess if you blind them they won’t see how shitty the house is. Apparently, one of the fans didn’t come with a light globe, so he’s got to take it back, so that’s going to mean another mismatched fan. I seem to remember him wanting $279 for this, but whatevs, the good news is I can drink more! I finally figured out why this is so dumb, well, hang on, there’s a lot dumb with it. But like, you want to talk about a counter that will absolutely fuck up a child’s head? Rightchere! It’s like Joe build this house for two members of r/childfree, hoho, shots fired! Wow, this kitchen is the gift that keeps on giving. First, another shot at Matt. Whatever, it’s so tiresome. But more importantly, Joe thinks that kitchen in $279,000 homes look like this. Joe, the San Andreas Fault is more inconspicuous than that. Poor Joe, he worked from 9 to 5 today, with no lunch. How this “man” is still standing is a miracle. Truly, Joe must be Numenorean, he’s a king among men. “I wish I could show you the house, but it’s dark outside.” cuts to a shot of window full of sunlight “well, it’s getting dark.” It’s things like this that really make me suspicious about the condition of the house. Every time I think Joe’s laziness has hit its peak, he finds a way to top it. He’s going around the kitchen, pointing out all the outlets he’s changed, which, great, I guess. But it’s not like those are hard to change. But then he gets to one and he says, “Oh, I can’t change that one out, the screw for it is under the window trim. The new owners are going to have all of these pristine, white sockets and then one yellowed one, just right in the middle of the kitchen. It’s not even like it’s that important, it really isn’t. The problem, Joe, is that it shows the kind of care and attention to detail that went into this house and by that I mean, none. Your buyers are going to pick up on that. “I know it doesn’t seem like I did much in this kitchen at all, but I swear to you, I was in here for a minute…” I don’t doubt that you were in there for a long time, Joe. It’s just that you’re incompetent, that’s why you didn’t get much done. He’s re-mudding the living room, he jokes that it’s the 9th time, but he’s got to be close to that. I’m no Class A, but, uh, that ruins that level 5 finish, right? You have to start over? Brian hits Joe up for work, Joe tells him he can’t pay him and then Brian doesn’t call him back. Seems reasonable, but let’s hear Joe’s take on it. “He didn’t even hit me back and say, ‘hey man, hey man, good luck, man.’ He didn’t say shit.” Why is he obligated to wish you good luck? You’re just his boss, sometimes. And, by the way, you constantly throw him under the bus on YouTube. You throw him under the bus for literally tens of people to see. Why should he have any goodwill towards you at all? Oh, you think because you pay someone, that means you get their affection and adoration. Nope, that’s not how it works, but it is hella revealing that’s how you view these interactions. If you want to buy affection, go to OnlyFans, wait, you’re broke, never mind. I would say get a dog, but I’m already upset that you have two of them. Those dogs deserve better than you. Also, I can’t quite figure out this expression, it’s like sadness mixed with pain and rage at Brian not wishing him good luck. Like a child not allowed to get a candy bar at the checkout. Conclusion Joe wondered if he could’ve paid Brian in weed. Guess that’s a trial balloon for him literally paying methheads in meth. Such an entitled, piece of shit.

It’s been such a long day and I want to go to bed, or at least not stare at a screen any longer. But, if Joe an push himself a whole five hours, I should be able to do a 12 hour day. Pre Video Rant Yeah, the instructions lied. They do that, totally serious. I bought a kitchen table from IKEA and the instructions said I was attractive. Then my neighbor stopped by and said, unhelpfully, “You can’t trust what they say, also, please keep wearing a mask, you’re scaring my dog.” Intro Joe admits that he’s only got a few hundred dollars on his credit cards, so what does he do? Why, go to Lowes of course. Because he wants to go window shopping and buy a quart of paint. He really is just fiddling while Rome burns. Joe says that he’s got $1 left on his major credit card and about $100 left on his Lowes account. This is actually going to get interesting because, unless Joe makes some kind of payment, the interest accrual should put him over his limit, which will trigger a credit review. That, in turn, will mean his creditor is going to pull a credit report and see his utilization jump to nearly 100%. That is usually a red flag for bankruptcy and creditors will generally shut that stuff down. Even pre-covid, that was a recipe for losing your cards. Now? I’d be surprised if Joe has credit cards after the new year. Poor Joe, haha, literally, Poor Joe is now shopping clearance at Lowes. How the mighty have fallen. That’ll definitely bring the home’s value up, for real! Think about it, you can’t spell “clearance” without “L-E-A-R” as in, King Lear, as in this house is fit for royalty! “Folks, sometimes you gotta put everything on the line, to get shit done.” I’m going to give Joe credit for this, because I can’t tell you how many times in college I wrote papers last minute and pulled all-nighters. I feel like I do my best writing on the fly. Of course, I wasn’t trying to sell those papers for $279,000… so there’s that. At the Flip Dear lord in heaven, what the fuck are these lights?!? I’m sure you can make all black lights work, but I highly doubt this is what MKBHD means when he says, “Matte black everything”. Well, maybe people spending $279,000 have different taste. “I think having four all the same will give it a good industrial look” Oh, so you agree you should have consistent lighting? Great, now fix the damn kitchen. Uh oh, the adobe is falling off the walls. Joe wonders if cold temperatures can affect grout drying… Gee, let’s ask Mr. Wizard. And we get to see the painted mantelpiece before Joe heads off to do landscaping… I’m convinced Joe is a post-modern artist and this whole channel is some kind of art project. It’s the only explanation that preserves any human dignity for Joe. How anyone can look at that and be excited is just beyond me. Joe mocking people who work on weed. Couldn’t tell you how many late night project inspirations I’ve had when I’ve been baked. I don’t see why you’re going on about it. If it bothers you, fire him and be done. I’ve decided that I think it’s adorable when Joe says he’s a class A contractor. “I’m a Class A contractor, I got to have more than one of each tool.” It’s like when my nephew tells me he’s a wizard so he has to have a magic wand. Joe’s whining that the landscape job is taking too long and is taking him away from the flip. Fair enough. So, let’s see what Joe’s solution will be. You’d think that if landscape took him three hours that he’d stay until six tonight to make up for it. I’m sure that will happen. “Sometimes all you need is a touch of black to make something better.” … hmm… nope, too easy. Thank god he’s going to respond to comments while installing a fan, because it’s so fucking dull to watch him struggle with these mundane tasks. Wow, this is too good. I’d suggest sitting down before reading further. Are you sitting down? Good. BTW, you’re looking good. “Somebody had left a comment yesterday that said, ‘Joe you need to be pulling 12 hour days over there.’ And as much as I agree with you on that, I don’t have it in me. I’m giving you 7-3. Somebody said, ‘Joe those are banker hours.’ No, they’re not. You know that. I know that.” He doesn’t have it in him to work more than 8 hours a day? Fuck it, for this, I’m going to give him credit for all 8 because this rant doesn’t change. No one cares about your money, like you care about your money. But you don’t have it in you to bust your ass to get paid. And secondly, your misunderstanding of banker’s hours. Those are absolutely banker’s hours. You think we work overtime? Fuck no. I mean, I do, but I’m not in a customer-facing role, but branches shut down after 8 hours. That’s what that means, moron. Watching Joe try to figure out wiring has me praying, “Please, please touch a live wire.” It’s like watching a monkey try to get their fist out of the coconut trap. Joe’s installed one fan in three hours. Well, I guess he’s got time to get another in before six. Oh, never mind, he’s calling it at three. I get it, he’s exhausted. He’s really put in some hard work today. “I realized there’s a bit of game to this… I’m definitely trying to provide a quality home. A very, very nice home for somebody in a certain price point. I want that price point to be high, right. So, the game is I need to make this house worth the price I want to get for this house.” I believe that’s just called capitalism. It’s the basics of a free market economy, congrats Joe, you’ve just figured out there’s a connection between quality of goods and services and the prices that can be charged for them. Look at that, he’s learning. “And we’re getting there.” I can’t (haha, drink, Clacker 😘) I guess, technically, it’s true. The house might be more valuable than when he started. How much of that is due to monetary inflation and how much is due to his “work”, I guess that’s a good discussion. “I’ve got to fix more mistakes of Matthew, what an incompetent son of a bitch.” Joe, get off of it. It’s tiresome. Conclusion The desperation is building and it’s so deliciously satisfying to watch.

Silly Joe, coming for the haters. Might as well get this off to a good start. Pre-Video Rant It’s “Too” dumbass, this is basic stuff you learn in third grade. I know you dropped out by 8th grade, but you should’ve paid attention long enough between trying to look up girls’ skirts down guys’ pants to learn the differences between “too”, “to” and “two”. Whatever, poor grammar is the least of your sins. Intro Twenty three seconds in and we’ve got a lot to unpack happy noises! “Come out and both of our vehicles have been rummaged through.” How telling is it that despite this happening, those vehicles weren’t worthy of being stolen? I’m sure there are plenty of small-dicked “men” who need to compensate with your truck Joe. And why didn’t you lock them anyway? Like your flaccid, useless cock, it’s not hard. You press a button. “You’d figure a 2022 vehicle would automatically lock.” You’d also figure that someone would care enough about their property to lock it themselves. Assuming any of this is true and not either a lie or some kind of insurance scheme. Also, Joe, you want to list this house of yours at a premium, good way to sell the safety of your neighborhood with whining about constant break-ins. “Peelin’ tires leaving the neighborhood…” Ahh, yes, the response of a grown adult is to, when he gets mad, drive recklessly and endanger others. “It is always something though!” Right, something that YOU caused. Correct me if I’m wrong (and I’m not, I’ll save you time, Joey) but YOU were the one who left your car unlocked. YOU were the one who bought a shitty house w/o an inspection. YOU were the one who hired, fired, rehired, demoted, promoted Matt. There’s a common factor here, would you like me to make it multiple choice to help you identify it? A. Joe B. Joe C. Joe D. All of the above DM me your response, if you’re right, I’ll toss you a $20 Lowes card. “What are you gonna do, right?” Most people would change their behaviors to avoid problems, but that requires critical thought and self-reflection. And like a vampire, you’re incapable of reflection, Cunt Dumbcula. At the Flip Joe got over at 7:30. Hey, Joe, you remember yesterday when you got sooo indignant that people would dare tell you to work longer hours and you claimed you were at the flip from 7-3? You should try to make your lies, I don’t know, truths, for like a day. “There were some comments that said my tile work looked like shit. I know you lyin’” Hmm, let’s go to the tape! Joe, this looks like shit. For someone who claims he’s going to list for $265, this is unacceptable. “I do this professionally! What? Comment on YouTube videos?” Nope, just a snarky bitch who’s made a career out of spotting things people miss. Of course, I don’t have to work too hard to spot the things you fuck up. I could probably do this drunk and have biting analysis of you… wait, I have done that! I think next challenge should be me getting drunk and reviewing with audio only. “To justify the sagging comment, I don’t do it to be cool, I just can’t afford food.” Oh, Joe, I don’t believe that for a minute. I see the cans of non-diet Dr. Pepper and Mountain Dew all over the flip and I know that’s not cheap. So, one of my guilty pleasures is Cherry Dr. Pepper Zero, OMFG sooo good. Anyway, I bought a 12 pack the other day and it was $5.68! So, Joe, you could kill two birds (did you see the spelling I used?) with one stone, you could save money and be healthier if you drank water. I know I make fun of Joe’s health, but dude is literally sitting down, grouting and panting. I almost feel bad for him, then he speaks and that goes away, faster than Raney when Joe files bankruptcy. “I haven’t spent this much time on my knees since… never.” Because that’s something straight guys joke about. Joe, it’s really ok to come out, hell, even if you’re bi, it’s cool. And this isn’t me being sarcastic. Trust me, it’s so much better when you can just live your life without hiding those things inside you, you know, the way you hide big, black cocks inside you. I’m sure there’s a way this will be covered up, but i think it’s so telling that little things like this uneven flooring are just left like that. Have some pride, for once in your life. “I know, I know, that’s the lazy way to do it.” And yet, you still did it the lazy way. Why do things the right way? Why do things in a way that would command higher prices? “It doesn’t look perfect, there are a couple of little spots. It’s so close to perfect.” Oh, I know, I’ve decided, since we’re back to elementary school level with you, I’ve pulled out my red pen. See me after class. Joe has gallons of pre-mixed thin set and asks, ‘Who the fuck uses that?” You tell me, Class A. You bought it. It must hurt to see all the stuff you didn’t use. Fucking moron. “I want to list this one for $265 or $279.” You know what’s great? I already wrote a full analysis on why this won’t work, so I don’t have to go into it again. But, let’s see if Joe’s going to tell us why it’s worth that amount. I’ve been dying to hear his “reasoning” behind that price. Maybe Joe will pull out a well-researched market report that shows the flip is perfectly priced. Let’s watch! “Hers is a 3 bed, 1 bath and this is, well, on paper it’s a 3-2, but it’s really a 4-2… This house is fully renovated, it’s got HVAC and it’s bigger.” Hmm, that’s, um, hang on, I need to go look up that other house. Ok, back. So… that house is listed for $209,000 and has been on market for 48 days. The flip is 1,650 sq.ft and the neighbor’s is 1,416, so, Joe believes one bathroom, one HVAC and 234 square feet is worth $70,000… In Joe’s mind, one square foot of space adds $299.14 to the value of the house. God, we’re still not done. “This house is fully renovated.” Well, that’s just not true. And, I’m gonna point this out right now, you have two fireplaces and neither of them work. Do you have any idea how much of a turn off that is? I dated a woman a few years ago and she had a fireplace and I’m not saying that I stayed with her longer because of it, but I’m not not saying it either. It was actually because it was so wonderful to to spend the holidays in front of. I’m a total sucker for Hallmark Channel romance. The summary of this rambling is that Joe is batshit in insane. The price per square foot of the neighbor’s house is $148.30, but Joe thinks his house is worth double that. And we’re back after lunch and we’re in the kitchen. Joe is showing us some urine colored hardware on the kitchen. These are some of the grossest things I’ve ever seen. Why anyone would think this was a good idea is beyond me. The counters & drawers aren’t level. I wonder if that has anything to do with the fact that the floor is warped. No need to get mad at Matt because you asked him to level something on quicksand. “At this point, fuck Matt (god, we know you want to) everything he touched he ruined, he destroys lives, he’s like heroin at this point. He’s fucking horrible.” Are you talking about Matt or yourself? Because Matt seemed like a good guy with some mental health issues that you took advantage of because you get off on pushing down those who are weaker than you. That’s the real reason you’ll never come to this subreddit. You can’t push us around, a. We have the truth on our side and can see through your bullshit and b. None of us can be bullied by you. You’re a small (in character) man, you’re a pathetic coward who has to feel power by picking on people incapable of defending themselves. But hey, prove me wrong, you can respond to any of these threads. And yes Joe, since you’re slow on the uptake, this is me directly calling you out. #DEMF4Lyfe B9 jacked up Joe’s wall. Looks like he just put a gouge into some mud. This might be the one time your mud obsession saved you, sand it off and you should be golden. Re: the issue with the build out and the microwave, “It’s not even that noticeable, but I am STICKLER for perfection.” I feel bad Joe isn’t getting mail at the PO Box anymore. I think I can remedy that, I think I’m going to send him a dictionary. No, Joe, not a “Dicktionary” you can log in to your Grindr account for that, this one has words and their definitions in it. Also, remember this “STICKLER for perfection” for a minute or two. Oh, and another gripe of mine, Mr. Stickler, you want everything to be perfect but yet you have three different types of light in the kitchen. That doesn’t look bad, at all, nope, all $280,000 homes have mismatched lighting. It’s just a quirky thing people like to do. Also, “Mr. Stickler” is what the neighborhood schoolboys call Joe. It’s now three and Joe is showing off his correction to Matt’s work. Now, this seems to me, and I’m not a Class A contractor, but this doesn’t seem perfect. Thankfully, the iPad comes with an actual ruler in the Markup menu so I can do this nitpicking, thanks Apple! Not to mention the top of the cabinets are now not level with the top of the window, which, again, minor things like this would drive me nuts. And now, I get to watch “Bob the Blunderer” try to install a drawer pull. Quick question for the people who actually do this kind of thing: why wouldn’t you just draw a line up from the middle of the doors to figure out where the pull should be? I mean, the doors close in the center. Seems like it should be a quick way to do this. Instead, I’m watching Helen Keller try to do a Rubik’s cube. “My wife is planning this party for me.. I don’t have many, any friends.” Joe be keeping it a buck one thousand rightchere! I wonder why that is, it couldn’t be that you’re a leech that sucks the life out of others because you can create nothing of value on your own, could it? Could it have something to do with you always looking for a quick buck and damn anyone that gets in your way? Joe, the Ferengi, while a comically bad stereotype of 19th century capitalism, are still not a role model. So, throw that Rules of Acquisition book away and try to be a decent human being. Or just a less shitty one than what you are now. “I didn’t want this to be about me, I’m so selfless.” You can’t even say it with a straight face, er, gay face. Again, these kinds of jokes work when you actually are that thing. Or you have comedic timing, or both. The problem, Joe, is that I think you actually do believe that about yourself, all evidence to the contrary. It makes it less funny and more sad. I’m watching a middle-aged man destroy his body, his finances, his future and his marriage, one 30 minute video at a time. And for what, Joe? Will it all be worth it in the end? When you’re dying alone, unloved, unremarked by anyone except the CNAs who make $15/hour to make sure you’re not getting a bedsore, will you look back on your 1.39MM subscribers and think, “It was worth it.”? That’s something that, as you approach 40, you should really think about. But, who am I kidding, you won’t, you’ll continue as you have been until you’re in prison or dead, buried in a pauper’s grave. “I don’t deserve anything, I know that’s a little self-loathing.” Nope, for once, that’s honesty. Poor Joe, he can’t get on his knees anymore. How’s he going to get by in prison this time? WOW! Joe stayed until after 3:30! He’s really serious about this! Conclusion Joe’s delusional, which is fine by me, it gives me plenty to work with. Also, I think I fired off some good opening shots at Joe, now, let’s see if he responds.

Oh boy, oh boy, there’s another JDS to watch and recap. Time for me to gamble that I can start this 15 minutes before my workday “officially” ends and won’t have to stop for a call. And there’s another “Panda” running around the JDS subreddit messaging people that JPG’s gotta GoFundMe up. Couple things: there’s no secondary Panda account and two, I couldn’t find it, so if that’s Joe, try again. You think I’d take info from a brand new account and just run with it without doing my due diligence? Pre Video Rant “Guess who’s smoking again?!” You. Next question. Because, you know what doctors recommend to anyone with high levels of stress and obesity? Smoking, duh. Ok, breathe, breathe, you can do this. Intro “Doggy, it is cold this morning.” I don’t know what’s worse: Joe calling his dad, “Daddy” or him calling the viewers, “Doggy.” Joe’s apparently unable to afford labor after this week. Not sure if he’s budgeted in all his trips to Lowes or if that’s a post-Lowes run figure. Joe, can you do me a favor? Shut the fuck up, take the loss and sell your Filecoin, if only so I don’t have to hear you whine about money. Go back to getting into fights with women and telling us how it’s never your fault. That’s at least entertaining. He’s going to do porch and deck work for $200, what are you going to do, primer it? And, another example of Joe’s “planning.” He says, “$200, not including labor.” You should probably always be including labor, moron. He does think it’s going to be done in a week and a half, so, 10 days from Sunday. November 24th is the date. “Everybody wants to be me, let’s just be honest.” Pretty sure that’s the least honest thing you’ve ever said. And believe me, I don’t say that lightly. Joe, I don’t wake up in the morning and say to myself, “Gosh, I wish I could be an out-of-shape, washed up YouTuber, covered in disgusting fur and broke.” Never once have I, or anyone else, said that thing. But hey, if we’re already starting with that ego, this might be a good video. “Look at what I’ve accomplished. No ego about it at all, that’s just spitting facts.” Didn’t realize I was at a country club, Joe. What with you teeing me up like this, haha, zing! What have you accomplished? Let’s recap, shall we? And since this is my review, we definitely shall! Moderately successful YouTube Channel that you’ve destroyed; Cleaning business, destroyed; lawn care business, barely hanging on; buy here/pay here moped dealership, destroyed; Moving company, destroyed; and flip house empire, burning to the ground. Yeah, your professional body of work is just as bad as your actual body. And lastly, you’re definitely a spitter alright, just not facts. The front room is gonna need another coat of mud? I’m shocked, who could’ve called that? At the Flip “Forgive me, I’m out of breath.” Why are you acknowledging it now? Telling you, Joe, cardio is your friend. “We’re getting close, a week and a half, think we can do it?” No. “We may put some flooring down, if we don’t run out of time. We may run out of time first.” How could you run out of time? You’re the boss, remember? This is your life savings, your everything. Why aren’t you staying late after Damen and B9 go home? These are all rhetorical questions, but I feel like it’s important to ask. And I feel dirty. Wait, I meant, I feel dirtier, I always feel dirty when watching Joe. He’s panting and filming Brian through the window upstairs as Brian mixes mud. Joe sounds like he’s about 30 seconds from beginning to jerk off. So fucking gross. I love this, actually, I love when these happy accidents happen because they reveal so much of Joe’s process. “We need to get flooring under the water heater.” Ok, done. “Oh, fuck, this flooring looks like shit, we should’ve started with another piece.” I love that you have the flooring, you could easily just take your time and put the pieces you want, but nope. Wait until afterwards to realize you fucked up. Also, it shows what you get for hiring “yes-men”. A competent employee would’ve pointed that out or not allowed it to happen in the first place. Conclusion Well, that was boring and unfulfilling. I guess the only interesting thing to come out of it was that Joe is going to start filming him responding to videos trolling him. God, that makes me want to find someone to just read these analyses and post them to the Facebook group. Whatevs.

Sunday night and Joe has blessed us with a 32 minute video. Well, let’s see how this train wreck goes. Intro I guess the lover’s quarrel is over, Damen is back today. I hope they had some good makeup sex. I just hope they can get past Joe’s emotional infidelity when it comes to Matt. Brian says, “I try to work as much as I can because it keeps me from thinking about how screwed up my life is.” God dammit. Totally understand that, workaholism is a great distraction.. too bad you’re a chomo or I’d have more sympathy for you. Joe said, “I can relate to that. In my own little self-loathing type of thinking.” You can? Is this you being a workaholic? And, I love that Joe made it about himself. You know, that sounds like someone reaching out for a connection and being vulnerable, Joe, you’re an ass. Wait, you loathe yourself? Damn, things must be bad if you’re being honest with us and yourself. Fuck me, I must be a huge softy today, I can’t believe I’m going to say this, but Joe, it’s never too late to fix yourself and be the person you want to be. It’s never to late to let go of that loathing and improve your life. If you want to live your life to the fullest, do that. Joe, who is broke, paid B9 an additional $22. At the Flip Someone apparently messaged Damen and offered him $1,000 for, “any info on Joe that would end him.” Damen, assuming that actually happened, you should’ve taken Jay up on that offer. Joe won’t be able to pay you much longer and once he can’t pay, you’ll either be asked to work for free and hope that he gets paid enough to pay you, or you’ll be guilted into working for free since Joe’s done so much for you. Joe thinks we just make stuff up about him. Nope, I don’t have to make things up. And, realistically, we don’t need to wait much longer. The end is coming. “Damen go on Facebook live and tell them I got a bad ego and that I despise children.” Um, which of these are the lies? We’ve seen the bobo and, well, the ego thing. I mean, if you want some objective examples, you trying to sell your flip for $265k, that’d be a good example of an out of control ego. “Give me something to make a video about.” Joe, honey, I’ve given you a ton of stuff to make videos on. The problem is, and we both know it, is that I’m right, about, well, most of it. You don’t dare make a video about anything I post because the ATM army would desert you faster than you walk out of a Weight Watchers intervention. “Running around in circles.“ Perfect summation of your life, minus the running. The edge piece on the shower tile looks terrible. “Joe can go tool shopping.” I think that’s what I used to call it when I’d go out to the bars. Why aren’t you excited to do tile, Joe? Like, really, I seem to remember you said you were loving working hard and doing it by yourself. Besides, the more work you do, the closer you are to selling this house and proving the DEMF Confederacy wrong. I’m shocked you aren’t hustling more. Dry-fitting tile has worn Joe out. God this is pathetic. I think he’s losing it. He looks manic when he’s talking about the tile and setting up the camera. Oh, classy, a joke about overweight women. Something, something, pot, something, something kettle. He’s named the first tile, “Kyle the Tile” yeah, def manic phase + anxiety. Well, back to bashing Matt. Joe, you just made up with Damen, stop talking about other men. Actual Analysis (Because you can’t spell Analysis with out A-N-A-L) There’s surprisingly very little to snark about in today’s video. Instead, I want to share some of my feelings on what is going on with Joe, based on today’s video. I remember a few DEMFs said that they’re worried for other people’s safety when the inspection/appraisal comes back, and I think you’re right to be concerned. I think Joe is undiagnosed bi-polar and is currently in a weird manic phase, but because the flip is so stressful, he’s also got some serious anxiety issues that are compounding and making things much worse. Listening to him talk about naming a tile and the way he’s talking in a sing-song pattern is legitimately scary. That’s scary stuff, it does feel like he’s about to snap and, unlike most every other time, I think there’s a real risk of violence. I get that all of Joe’s problems are self-inflicted and I don’t really feel any sympathy or pity for him. Quite the contrary, I feel that this is well-deserved karma and will the first to pop the champagne when this falls apart. That being said, it’s truly interesting to watch and I do wonder who he actually gets violent with. Back to the flip I don’t know enough about tile to say, but this looks, bad? Off? I don’t know. Joe tries an emotional ending, but I’m more bored than anything. Joe thinks he’s done so much to help others, um, no? Also, I think he’s realizing that if he actually needed money (haha) that no one would help him. Why is that? Not like I keep a running score, but if I needed money or help, I’m pretty sure I wouldn’t have to go very far into my contacts list to find it. Joe, you’re not a good person, you always have ulterior motives and everyone knows it. Conclusion I think the betting should be, which happens first: the flip is finished or Joe snaps? I don’t feel great about this review, but, sure, here it is. There just wasn’t much.

It’s Friday, no Intro, let’s get right to it! Intro “I go out to my truck and there’s somebody’s purse sitting on my tool box. A little, just a little purse.” Joe, honey, don’t admit that you received stolen property, that’s almost as bad as you stealing it… wait, did you steal a purse, you sly devil you! I knew you could raise the money if you put your, um, well, whatever passes for your mind to it. “Kinda feels like a setup, a little bit.” I don’t believe this story, like, at all. I don’t know if I even believe there was a purse on his truck. But I do believe he, uh, “liberated” a purse. Also, this is a bad way to try and convince us you’ve been setup. Do you really believe anyone cares enough about you to set you up? Joe, even I wouldn’t do that, I’m not spending good money to fly out there, steal a purse and then try and frame you… besides, I don’t think they make frames that large. I love Joe, I really do. Dear lord, so, you think it’s a set up, you hand it to your wife, you rummage through it (don’t give me that bullshit about it being wide open. The only thing wide open around you is your mouth when you’re servicing guys.) and then, you don’t know what to do with it, and instead of just calling the cops, like a law abiding citizen would do, you’re going to think about it. Because that won’t look suspicious at all. “He gets cash, daily. I can’t say that enough.” Shout a little louder, I don’t think the IRS heard you. He’s got Bryan #9 today, doesn’t know if he’s going to allow Damen to work. If you’ll allow me a momentary rant… 3, 2, 1. Why the fuck don’t you have Damen? This is why you’re broke and going bankrupt, this is why you’re a failure and why you will always be a failure. You let emotions, particularly your pride, override any commonsense. You feel disrespected, boo-fucking-hoo, why don’t you do something that commands respect? Why don’t you try that? Respect is earned, not given. And you’re a shitty boss who calls out his employees on video, publicly lets them know that you’re paying other people more money and then whines about every little thing. Please tell me how that inspires anyone? And you know what else, shut the fuck up, he’s been late 3 or 4 times in how many weeks? It’s not like you make up for it. It’s not like Damen shows up at 9 so you stay until 4 to make up for the extra hour. You’re lazy and self-absorbed. Fuck outta here with your bullshit. And Damen got the Matt treatment of demotion, promotion and demotion. I can’t imagine why he wouldn’t want to work for you. I can’t imagine why he wouldn’t want to be at your beck and call. God, you could give a TED Talk on how NOT to run a business. “On average we’re working six or seven hours a day.” God, this is just too easy. If I was broke and only working six hours a day, I better have a damn good reason why. Not that anyone really cares, but during the pandemic, a few friends and I started a business, with me bankrolling it. My day began at 4 with a run and shower and then on the road doing Uber until 10, working from 10-5, cold-calling, doing Uber from 5-8 and then working 8-11 on admin work. We were doing this seven days a week for 8 months. I think I probably made 300 calls a day trying to get business. Yeah, you’re really chasing your dream working six or seven hours a day. “I really don’t give a fuck, I’m in here busting my ass, I’ve risked everything for this and I’ve got no patience for bullshit.” I’m gonna have to take this piece by piece. “I really don’t give a fuck” Yeah, we know, it’s pretty obvious, what with your grueling six and seven hour workdays. “I’m in here busting my ass.” I suppose all the trips to Lowes are hard on your ass. “I’ve risked everything for this and I’ve got no patience for bullshit.” I don’t believe you. Either you’ve financed this 100% and are using your wife’s money, which, in that case you have none of your actual money at stake, which would explain your lackadaisical attitude and why you don’t seem to care, except when it’s convenient. “And to be honest, I’m so spiteful and I get so scorn (haha), that a lot of the times when I feel the disrespect, I’m like, ‘fuck it, I’ll do the damn thing by myself’.” And this is a textbook example of you letting your emotions make business decisions. And I thought I was an emotional wreck. I can at least be objective at work and make decisions without letting my anger get in the way. And, lol, like you’re gonna do it by yourself, right. I doubt you have either the technical skill or the willpower to do it by yourself. You believe certain work, i.e. most work, is beneath you. You believe that because of some waning YouTube success, you’re somehow exempted from work, from hustling and grinding like the rest of us. Nope, no one is above any work. If that’s what you need to do, you do it. Extra Aly Commentary How fucking awesome is it, that we’re getting actual Joe? I never got to see a Bobo, so this is like a treat for me! Was it this good live? Cause I’m fucking loving this. Back to the Video “I’d rather do it by myself than have to worry about what are you doing and getting done on a daily basis.” Well, as you love to remind us, you’re a boss. That’s what bosses and managers do. It comes with the job, if you don’t want to do that, then don’t be a boss. You just have to be honest with yourself about your strengths and weaknesses. I’ve been in management and I fucking hated it, I hated managing people. Btw, I was a fucking awesome manager, because as long as your work was done and I looked good, I didn’t give a fuck what you did. But I hated all the stuff, like what Joe’s talking about, so I don’t do it. I know what makes me happy. Joe, you need to really take a long, hard look at yourself. Trust me, it’s hard for us to look at you, but you need to do it. Either you need to accept that’s what you have to do because you’re the boss, or you need to find another line of work. “I’m juggling credit cards right now.” Bet he works no later than 3:30. At the Flip Re him being by himself, “Fuck it, ain’t nobody going to work as hard as you’re going to work for your money because nobody cares about your money the way that you care about your money.” Did he read this off a daily inspirational quote calendar? Fucking Hellen Keller, he’s blind and deaf to his own hypocrisy. “I’m gonna work hard today. I’m gonna work long today.” I amend my bet, he’ll be out by 3:45 “We can’t afford any extras.” There’ll be at least one more trip to Lowes. “I see some high spots I should’ve knocked down first, but I was rushing.” I love that he then stops, while using 45 minute mud, to scrape the ceiling. Fucking classic. Fun fact: if you ever decide to watch these, watch at 1.25x and he sounds like a normal person. Just taking his sweet time to scrape and show off what work he’s doing. I really wish I knew something about construction. But, I’m sure someone will tell me if I’m wrong. It seems like half a bag of mud should do more than 40-50% of the ceiling, right? He’s used a full bag and he hasn’t even covered the entire ceiling. AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA I love these happy accidents, I was pausing to do a screen recording, but paused on this, I had to share it ❤️ Remember how a few minutes ago Joe was bitching and complaining and saying he was going to work hard? I love this, he’s found a divot in the Durock and instead of doing something to fix it, like, whatever actual construction people do, he’s going to try and compensate with tile. Now, I’ll admit, I barely know anything, but it seems to me that trying to level things with tile, which isn’t the most flexible of materials, is a bad idea. But hey, no one cares about your money like Joe cares about his money! And instead of getting to work on the tile, Joe’s going to take another trip to the post office. Joe, you really need to pay attention to these recaps, you can pay this stuff online. Or have you reached the point where you’re going to start floating checks? Ok, Aly, don’t giggle too loudly. You don’t want to explain to the nice woman next door why you’re laughing so loud in your office. I don’t know if I can make it, I don’t know. I’m so sorry unnamed woman next door. AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA FUCKING AWESOME, AHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!! Joe goes and pays the PO Box fee and there’s NO mail for him. And I feel like diagraming this like Ralph Wiggum’s heartbreak scene. You can tell this really hit his ego HARD. “No mail. I don’t know if it was a new woman working in there and she’s not familiar with the face I get a bunch of bulk mail at times.” Fucking classic Joe, it has to be the woman’s fault. You can’t trust those female brains to understand something as complicated as bulk mail. Fuck you. “It’s got me questioning why I spent $100 on the PO Box, maybe I should’ve just shut it down.” Well, that’s certainly a good start. He left the house at 10:30 and then the next time stamp he gives us is 11:42, so that post office run cost him 1 hour and 12 minutes. Really working that long and hard day, right Joe? Back to the Flip “Just had a major, major road rage situation with a lady who stays on this street… Then we got to arguing, basically, she got to arguing with me.” I think this bears repeating, such a fucking child. How is it at 40 someone can be this immature. He’s going back to prison, probably for assault, it’ll be a road rage incident or it’ll be a poor associate at Lowes. But I’ll be glad when he’s back in prison. He’s wrapping it up at 3pm. AHAHAHAHAHAHA this is too god damn good. You can’t make this up. He was sooo impassioned earlier about how he didn’t need anyone, he’d rather do it himself, he was gonna work long and hard… wait, did you mean that you were going to work someone’s long and hard? Sorry, it’s not a Panda recap without a bunch of dick jokes. In 2.5 hours of tiling, he’s done three rows. Ok, so Joe is now trying to recap the road rage incident without giving details, you can tell because he picks and chooses his words super carefully. But, let’s see how this goes. I know what you’re all saying, “Panda, he’s not going to be able to be sexist and transphobic in the same sentence.” Stay tuned… “And it was a woman first of all, I thought it was a dude at first, so you know that’s what got me hot and bothered.” Lot to unpack. Let’s get this first part out of the way, “It was a woman first of all.” Right, how dare a woman talk back to a man, especially a Class A contractor. We really should know our place. “I thought IT was a dude at first.” Ahh, there we go, let’s call someone whose gender we can’t readily identify as “it”. Fuck you. “So you know that’s what got me hot and bothered.” Wait, what? Do you know what that sentence usually means? So, are you into trans women? Is Joe a chaser? It’d be the only cardio he gets. And I’m gonna get serious for a sec. Trans people aren’t your fucking fetish, they’re people, just like you, just like me, don’t fucking fetishize them, god, you are just an incredibly big piece of shit. Let’s recap Joe’s strenuous and long work day, shall we? He gets there at 7:45, works until 10:30, gets back from lunch at 12:30 and then leaves at 3. So… that’s 2 hours 45 in the morning and 2 hours 30 in the afternoon, so 5 hours and 15 minutes. Yikes. And then he filmed 27 minutes of “content”. Joe put in a solid 4 hours and 45 minutes today. Wow. Bravo. Conclusion The train wreck is fast approaching and it’s going to be amazing when it happens!!! Long live the DEMF Confederacy!

Happy Veterans Day. To those of you who actually served, thank you. I don’t have much for an intro today. Maybe I’m too tired? I’ve been tearing down a fence all day, plus mowing up leaves, plus building a new shed. Seriously, my parents better make it rain on me when they die. Best.Daughter.Ever. Pre-Video Rant I think I’m gonna have to start adding this section. These thumbnails are pissing me off. Does this look like someone who is taking their financial situation in any way seriously? Ugh, that sentence doesn’t look right, whatever. Anyway, this is why people think you’re a liar, Joe. Well, besides the obvious of you lying. Intro Why does saying it smells like marijuana make you a narc? It’s legal in VA and, even if it isn’t, it’s just weed, who cares? Maybe this is Joe pretending to be a prisoner? “Why would you wake up your day smoking?” If you’ve ever had a stressful job, that’s how you do it. There have been more than a few mornings where I’ve taken a small hit to level me out. “How do you get your day started? I would be lazy as shit.” What do you mean, “would be”? But, I do think we’ve found an explanation for the weight gain. Poor Joe, I don’t know about you, but those Indica strains give me mad munchies. Get a good hybrid blend. Someone sent him $15. He mentions this right after saying he wasn’t doing this for a pity party or to get donations. One thing that he neglected to mention was whether or not he would be sending that $15 back. Who wants to bet that he kept it? “Matt was a drop in the bucket in comparison.” re: other mistakes at other flips. Fuck me, he’s gonna make me do math. Assuming $22/hour, 48 hours/week (no OT cause Joe don’t roll that way) and only three weeks: $3,168. That’s a pretty sizable chunk of change. Now, how much was it that you said you were off by? Weird how that works out. Not to mention the lost time and money from repeating work. Yes, Joe, you do have terrible money management skills. It’s almost like it’s not your money, so you don’t care… Damen is out today, hopefully he’s out looking for a job. And since Damen is out, I guess this will be a wasted day, since Joe doesn’t really work unless he’s bossing around Damen. At the Flip Joe wants to shoot the shit with us. Everything with Joe really does come back to fecal material, doesn’t it. This should be good, let’s do a comment response, response. Why is it, that Joe can talk about screwing up on Filecoin and responding to the comments about his wife and him not sharing money, that it’s just boring? Maybe I’m too tired or I really just don’t care. I don’t understand this math: Joe buys $10k in FIL at 190/coin, buys another $10k at 150/coin and then the final buy is $10k at 100-120/coin. And then Joe says he needs the price to go to $100/coin to get all his money back. He should have roughly 202 FIL, at 100/coin, he’s still short almost $10K. Fucking moron. Seriously, Joe needs to learn about margin and Forex. That was the worst comment response he’s done. Damen’s coming! Wow, it reminds me of when my parents would fight. These two need some good, hate/makeup sex. Now Joe’s on his way to try and pay for his PO Box. Apparently, Joe was so delinquent that they were actually shutting it off. How much does a PO Box cost? You can’t put that thing on autopay, from your bank? I can’t imagine why we all think you have bad money management skills. For someone who says they’re not fishing for sympathy, you really do keep bringing up your money issues. And, I’m just not able to care. Hey, boy Joe, look at that that truck you got there, what do you do for a living? Wow! Not very nice, is it, fucker? And, fuck you, sell your Filecoin, take the loss, at least it’d give you $10k in the bank and then I don’t have to listen to you whine about money. I didn’t RSVP to your pity party. He’s claiming that he’s spending 2.5 hours a day editing videos. Doing what, exactly? Enlighten me as to what “editing” you’re doing. These are basically you piecing together one disjointed, self-pitying ramble with another. Doesn’t take a genius to do that. Damn, Walter Witless strikes again. Good attempt at a reference to a better TV show, Joe. Joe didn’t know it was Veteran’s Day… except for the fact he referenced it earlier in the day. Fucking moron. Again, why isn’t your PO Box fee set up on autopay. Fuck, you’re going to make me do research. Two sec, fam. Ok, as you can see, $558/year or, more likely, he’s paying $160/3 months. And he can’t pay $160 every three months? Or do we think the payment returned? I’m scared. Joe’s blaming… wait for it… himself for this. What’s going on? Someone hold me. And, I don’t know why he’s tripping anyway, you can pay your fees online. Wait, I know why he’s making a big deal out of it, this is just another thing the world is doing to poor Joe. Can’t win for losing, first the ATM army splits and the DEMF Confederacy is born, then the YouTube comments begin to turn on him, then Facebook, the flip is failing and now the Post Office has it out for Joe. Can’t a hard working man catch a break? “I’m about to not have a PO Box anymore.” Apparently, all you get is spam mail, so… no big loss. Joe’s panting as now added a wheeze to it. New bet: which happens first? Joe dies or the flip gets done and sells for $265? Leaving at 3pm, surprise, surprise. Finally, some interesting content. Joe’s debating on banisters for that narrow, upstairs walkway. there’s a large one he could use, but it’ll cut off like half of the opening. This just gets better and better. But remember, we’re the haters for doubting the $265k. “Are they right about the narrow staircase and hallway?” Yes, yes we are. “What if this place doesn’t sell for the price we need it to? That’d be crazy, right?” Nope, it’d be realistic. And it would be karma + reality bitch slapping you. Joe, honey, there’s a difference between being positive and not letting self-doubt get in your way and delusion. You’re on the SS Delusion, you’re not just on it, but your Captaining it through a bunch of icebergs, with a blindfold. Conclusion I can’t wait for this thing to be done and listed. It feels like we’re in the last few episodes before the series finale of a TV show and all of this is just filler.

This is gonna be interesting. I’ve spent 10+ hours today reviewing financial data for companies and analyzing successful people… and now I’m doing the complete opposite. I’m still kinda in work mode, so this may be more formal than normal (haha, except for that rhyme). Anyways, let’s venture into the Failure Forest. Intro “I’m Broke AF” Tell me something I don’t know, Joe. You may be able to lie to the ATM Army, but the DEMF Confederacy sees all. And, well, really anyone with an ounce of commonsense could tell you that you were broke. Your spending habits are insane, your priorities are backwards, you’re more concerned with appearing wealthy than actually being wealthy. You come from an environment where money and fortune was luck. You’re not used to handling money. I think I’ve made this reference before, but it certainly bears repeating: there’s a term in economics that applies to you, “windfall syndrome.” It’s why lottery winners go broke, they have no clue how to manage money and are bankrupt within five years. You are the textbook example I would use if I was teaching an Intro to Econ or Intro to Personal Finance. You’re a case study in failure. Wow, haven’t even started the video. Yeah, buckle up. And, one more thing before I even start the video, you want to know why you’re “broke AF”? I mean, you probably don’t want me telling you why, but I’m going to. It’s that stupid “AF” that you got from TikTok, just like you got all your contracting advice from. That’s why you’re broke, instead of going to Gordon Ramsay to learn cooking, you decided to watch Bored Panda, 30 second cooking videos and wonder why your food tastes like garbage. Ok, really starting this time. Joe can’t keep camera lenses in good condition. Well, you can’t even keep your body in good condition, not surprised. “A candid conversation I don’t want to have.” That’s how I feel about most of your videos. I don’t really want to watch them, but I do, because I 💖 the DEMF-C. I do wonder if I could just make shit up based on the thumbnail and title of your video. I’d bet a shiny nickel that most people wouldn’t even notice. “So broke, in fact remove glasses for effect I don’t even have enough money to finish the flip house.” Now, before I really start ripping into him, this seems so fucking fake. Like, he might actually be genuine, but I don’t believe it for a second, it’s too rehearsed. The attitude is all wrong. I’ve been broke before, I’ve been legitimately homeless and when I asked for help, I wasn’t in any way similar. Oh well, time to make a withdrawal at the ATM. He needs $4k to finish the flip. Joe, DM me, I’ll happily loan you the money. “I knew this house was going to take everything damn thing that I have.” Wow, this one’s gonna be long. No, you fucking didn’t. You didn’t know a god damn thing, you lying piece of shit. You made a point to fucking dress up like you were some big shot house flipper and toured that house. You made a point to flex that you were rich, when in fact, you weren’t. You thought you could walk in, swing that micropenis of yours and impress people with a $151,000 check. Well, look where your ego got you. Joe, you’re the type of absolute moron who would’ve taken a second mortgage out on your house to sell tulips the day before the market crashed. “And you know, we haven’t even really made any mistakes.” This HAS to be a troll. He has to be trolling. You can’t be that self-deluded. It was three or four videos ago where he said he made mistakes and he was going to own it. There’s no way he’s taking this seriously. This is why you’re broke Joe, you can’t treat these situations with any kind of gravity or weight, which, when it involves you, there’s always a significant weight… “You think back to flip 1 and flip 2, hiring the wrong guys and it costing thousands of dollars…” WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK AM I WATCHING?!? DID YOU FORGET “THE MISTAKES OF MATT”? DID YOU FORGET THAT YOU MADE MATT INTO A BIBLE VERSE?!? Making endless trips to Lowes, you think that cut into your budget? I can’t imagine why driving back and forth in your brodozer four and five times a day, in a high fuel price environment, I can’t figure out how that’d cut into your budget. You know what, Joe is 100% correct that if he’d hired contractors he’d be worse off. Why? Because they’d have found all the shit he’s trying to cover up! They’d have made him pay to do it correctly, but no, you’re right Bobby Trailer, you wouldn’t be as far because you’re doing what you always do, cut corners and pray you get by. He’s still hoping for a $265k sale… you know what, Joe, I will front you the money for these renovations. Absolutely, because oh, dear lord, I want to see the shit show that is coming when you try and list this house for $265. Oh god, I might actually cum from how bad it’s going to be. “We’re gonna see a profit, we’re gonna see a good profit, the house is gonna be beautiful when it’s done.” AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA, yeah, I’ll pay the $4k for this. “Can I get the money? Ab-so-fucking-lutely” I’m gonna go ahead and press X to doubt. Joe, if you could get the money, you wouldn’t make this video. You wouldn’t be coming to us, well, trying to have your hat in hand and rattling that tin cup. Nope, you’d just go do it. Anyone remember Nextel phones? I loved my Nextel Crackberry, anyone, the thing I loved about them was they just worked, but more than that, I loved their slogan: Nextel. Done. So fucking perfect for anyone with a business, that’s what doers do, they get things done. I don’t bitch and moan about things, hell, my internet went out today and I had to hotspot in to get my work done. It only became an issue because I was on a call and was more pixelated than the Spice Channel on an illegal cable box in the 90s. You don’t whine, you handle your business. “Anybody will give me the money I need to finish this.” See above, why are you making this video? If you’re fishing for sympathy, you’re not going to find it. You’ve ignored and/or argued with any good advice given to you by your sycophants. At this point, we just want to watch you fail. And boy doe, you’re gonna fail and it’s so fucking sweet. I’ve spent my career helping hardworking people get money they need for their businesses, people that put their heart and soul into something, those are the people that deserve to succeed. You, you piece of subhuman trash who is only on YouTube because you got lucky, you don’t deserve to succeed. You deserve to fail, miserably and end up back in prison because you contribute nothing of value to this society. “I can’t accept any money because I’m not willing to give anyone any type of return on that money. Fuck no, you didn’t invest with me initially.” I say this so much, it’d probably make a good drinking game, but we’ve got so much to unpack. Let me get this straight: you’re broke, everything’s on the line and you need $4k, but you’re not willing to give anyone any kind of interest or return because they didn’t invest to start with? Motherfucker, that might be one of the most entitled things I’ve ever heard. I’d try and explain the risk free rate of return or time value of money but it’d go so far over your head it might as well be in orbit. What I will say is that you are a spoiled child and you can fuck right off. Wait, he’s giving his wife a $5k return on her $30k investment? His plan was to do this in three months for a 16% return, that annualizes out to a 66% return. Wow, Raney is a fucking hustler. Joe, you got fucking played by your wife. OMG, fucking get that money, girl! “$20 is $20, there’s that conversation.” Joe’s gonna be in the Lowes parking lot giving HJs and BJs for building supplies. Maybe he was saying it wrong this whole time? Maybe he’s a Class A Cumtractor? Also, “Cumtractor” sounds like an X-rated, Scyfy channel, B-movie knockoff of “Killdozer”. I got nothing to say about Joe losing money on FIL. What I will say is that someone needs to tell Joe about how much money can be made in Forex markets… At the Flip 9 minutes in and nearly 1,500 words. Please, please let me get through this. I actually wanted to write for fun tonight. “I been watching YouTube videos on this.” Can’t imagine why you’re broke. Now, Joe, was TikTok like Contractor Undergrad and now you’ve moved onto YouTube Grad School? Things must be really bad, Joe’s following someone’s directions. Wow, Joe wasn’t kidding when he said, “$20 is $20.” Question though, does he just not pay Damen for an hour or does he make Damen give him the cash? Also, Joe, you gotta swallow. I know, it’s not the greatest tasting thing, but, come on, you gotta make the guy happy. Joe’s dropping more knowledge on us. If you’re trying to cover up textured ceilings, try to knock down some of the high spots. Good tip! The real money shot (I have a feeling there’s gonna be a lot of dick jokes cumming) is that he then called Damen in to knock down some of the high spots. Instead of, I don’t know, using his resources efficiently, he calls his bitch boy to come back in and do more work for him that he’s too lazy to do. Joe, he just came, he needs a nap. Go easy on him. How does he expect to be done in 14 days when he’s planning on multiple coats of mud? He bought a new, metal mud tray. I seem to remember this video started out with him being broke. Why are you buying new accessories? No one tell him about Claire’s. Oh, and a lazy dick size joke. Weird, Joe really must be in bad shape, financially, I mean, he’s focusing on one thing at a time. Imagine if you’d done this from the beginning, Joe. And he’s ending the day at 3. Since you like songs Joe, allow me a quick improv, parody song. “This is why, this is why, this is why you’re broke.” That’s all I’ve really got, but brevity is the soul of wit. “I don’t talk about money, cause well, I don’t like to talk about money.” That’s all you’re focused on, that’s all you talk about. What you mean to say is, “I don’t like to talk about my lack of money. I’ll flex on poor people all day long, in fact, I was going to make videos where I approached people with shitty cars and condescendingly ask what the did for a living. Hell, I was even going to fuck with landscapers, about stealing money and business from them.” Fixed that for you, i know it’s a mouthful, but I’m sure you’re used to taking mouthfuls like a champ. “Don’t feel sorry for me.” No worries about that here, but thanks for the clear conscience. “Don’t ‘Hey Joe, I can help you.’ That’s not what I’m looking for at all.” Well, it is, but I’ll make it easy on you, hit me up, I’ll Zelle or wire you $4k, because I really, really want to build you up and when reality hits you, your fall will be all the sweeter. Am I a cold, ruthless bitch? When it comes to Joe? Ab-so-fucking-lutely! In a discussion on hard money lenders, “let’s just say I did that on this house… what happens if you go over that?” Is some truth coming out? “The more you risk, sometimes the more you reward.” Those are English words, but maybe Joe had a stroke? Or the lack of oxygen from his panting is getting to him. To quote my celebrity crush, and god he was so fucking sexy, Paul Walker in the movie, “Takers”, “Bet big, win big, that’s the only way to play.” That’s what you’re going for. I love that Joe is couching expectations between a big reward or a decent reward. I don’t know how bad of a meltdown is coming, but Joe’s meltdown when this is over is going to make Chernobyl look like a car overheating slightly. “This is the first house where things are going, you know, pretty ok… And that’s because I’ve been doing the work, I’ve been being here overseeing the work.” I… I need a hug. My soul, my heart, all of it hurts. I criticize Joe for being delusional, but this is a whole new level. How someone like this actually gets up each day and somewhat functions is beyond me. How has he not been arrested for beating up or killing someone for not referring to him by his regal name? I want to know what his self-image is. God, it’d be terrifying, but so enlightening if I could see Joe how Joe sees himself. “If the work’s not done right, then we figure out what we gotta do to make it right.” It’s like it’s getting worse, wait, no, it is getting worse with each subsequent sentence. I really, really should’ve been drunk for this. In what world is he living? Maybe I’m the crazy one, I have to be, right? Like, all these videos and everything he’s done has to be all in my head, because there’s no fucking way a sane person says that and believes it. Forget calling the city, call whoever can put someone in a psych ward, because he’s certifiable at this point. Damn, today has been hella productive. Automated some tedious risk processes for my real job, so that’s good. But more importantly, I built a calculator to share with the DEMF-C to see what Joe’s losses can be. And, dumbass spoils the story in the thumbnail. Poor Joe, can’t win for losing or whatever stupid, “daily motivation instagram” quote you want to spout off. Intro “My daddy was talking about coming down to check out the flip.” Now, by “daddy” do you mean your actual father or Peaches? And, gross, there’s something soooo gross about anyone Joe’s age calling their dad, “daddy.” Like, I’m 99% sure that stopped when I was like 16, but then again, I’m not a 40 year old, furball failure. “I don’t know if he’s gonna do that today, or if he’s gonna do that at all.” Ouch, ok, I give Joe a lot of shit and it’s well-deserved. But goddamn, the way he said that, I think we have some actual emotions in there. My heart legit twinged when I heard that. Look at him, this might be genuine sadness. Court Story The only thing I take away from this first minute of rambling is that because the prosecutor and the judge got into a bit of a spat, Joe says, “Well, it’s definitely not me, why I got to arguing with this prosecutor.” I’d bet a $100 Lowes gift card that Joe was the reason for that fight. Joe, you’re not likable, at all. I love the way Joe talks like he was actually involved, “The game plan was…” I bet if Joe becomes a security guard, he’d believe he was the CEO. “Yeah, I could’ve pushed this.” I’m sure they cared about you and your opinion. I totes believe the prosecutor was talking to Joe and said things like, “If he don’t pay you back, his ass getting locked up.” I get it, lawyers are people, and I’ve met some foul-mouthed ones, but in court? Nope, that shit don’t happen. You have to respect the court. Check out LegalEagle for more on that. God, this is so fucking dull. He can’t even be bothered to lie to me. Do some fucking cardio! God, his panting is even more annoying than normal. And he doxxed Bryan. Good plan. Joe be looking at him tough. It’s amazing how tough Joe can be when the other person is white and/or can’t possibly attack Joe. “Unfortunately, this thing is gonna be dragged out for another year.” The case with Bryan or the flip house? We’re nine minutes in and this is absolutely boring. I want to hang myself. Landscaping/Flip House “You got me doing this thing correctly.” Said in reference to the comments. No words. And just like that, I’m interested. Joe has an $1,075 power bill? Oh boy, I’m really going to have to spend some time to figure out how fucked he is. Of course he doesn’t pay his electric bill. So fucking on brand. “We don’t do things traditionally around here.” From your mouth to god’s ears. I get that sometimes breaking with tradition is a good thing, but then there are times, like, oh, you know, when you’re renovating a house you want to sell, that you should stick to tradition. I know that wasn’t the point of Fiddler on the Roof’s “Tradition” song, but still. Like, I guess to Joe, tradition says, “Get rid of mold.” Fuck that tradition! “Stupid fucking blower don’t want to start.” I’ll take, “What do people at the gloryhole yell at Joe” for $400, Alex. Also, who wants to bet that he’s said the same thing about women who are, somehow, repulsed by him? “Whether you’re feeling it or not, folks, you got to handle your obligations.” I’m too lazy to go get the time stamp of yesterday’s video where you were on camera discussing possible lies/excuses for why you just couldn’t do the landscaping yesterday. You do know that we can go back and watch your old videos, right? No one actually does that, but it is possible. “Who’d have thought, four months later, we’d still be doing drywall?” Most, if not all, of the DEMF. What with the way you mud. Question for you Joe, do you think you coat the walls with so much mud because you’re unable to coat Damon’s face? 😉😉 I thought about making a different kind of walls reference, but I felt kinda gross, but y’all can use your imaginations. I am almost at the point where I love his delusion that the house is going to sell for more than $200k. He’s like the equivalent of a Golden Retriever, minus the likability and usefulness, but all the stupidity. But he’s just so happy being dumb, you can’t help but want to throw a tennis ball and see him pant and roll his way to it. Is there a legitimate reason why he can’t work past 4? I know I rant about this every recap, but why on Earth isn’t he actually putting in time. Hang on, I need to do some napkin math. Ok, napkin math time: Assuming Joe works 6 days a week and has been doing so since the start, if he’d just worked one extra hour per day, by November 1st, he’d have worked an extra 72 hours, or an extra 10 days and change. He legit might have been done by his deadline, just one extra hour. “It’s gonna take a lot of mud.” Jesus, well, I guess we’re here for another 4 weeks while you build the room out of mud. And wait, this is the last room? So… $265k, right? Wow, I really, really hope Joe is about to make a withdrawal from the ATM army. It was only a matter of time, y’all think this content is free?!? And do it Joe, do it, take out more loans, it’ll just make that loss of yours fatter. Wait… didn’t I make a joke post about Joe offering to sell the house to one of the ATM Army? Please, oh please let him do that instead! Gross, you’re so fucking fake. Conclusion I’m tired and bored. This may or may not stay up, I’m not really happy with it and don’t feel like it’s up to my usual standards. Conclusion If I’ve posted this, I’ve survived. I’m just flabbergasted, stunned, insert adjective here. How anyone watching can believe him is beyond me. How he can say it with a straight face is either a symptom of narcissism and sociopathy the likes of which have never been seen before or this has to be a troll. I still 💖 you all though. I’m gonna go drink.

Damn, today has been hella productive. Automated some tedious risk processes for my real job, so that’s good. But more importantly, I built a calculator to share with the DEMF-C to see what Joe’s losses can be. And, dumbass spoils the story in the thumbnail. Poor Joe, can’t win for losing or whatever stupid, “daily motivation instagram” quote you want to spout off. Intro “My daddy was talking about coming down to check out the flip.” Now, by “daddy” do you mean your actual father or Peaches? And, gross, there’s something soooo gross about anyone Joe’s age calling their dad, “daddy.” Like, I’m 99% sure that stopped when I was like 16, but then again, I’m not a 40 year old, furball failure. “I don’t know if he’s gonna do that today, or if he’s gonna do that at all.” Ouch, ok, I give Joe a lot of shit and it’s well-deserved. But goddamn, the way he said that, I think we have some actual emotions in there. My heart legit twinged when I heard that. Look at him, this might be genuine sadness. Court Story The only thing I take away from this first minute of rambling is that because the prosecutor and the judge got into a bit of a spat, Joe says, “Well, it’s definitely not me, why I got to arguing with this prosecutor.” I’d bet a $100 Lowes gift card that Joe was the reason for that fight. Joe, you’re not likable, at all. I love the way Joe talks like he was actually involved, “The game plan was…” I bet if Joe becomes a security guard, he’d believe he was the CEO. “Yeah, I could’ve pushed this.” I’m sure they cared about you and your opinion. I totes believe the prosecutor was talking to Joe and said things like, “If he don’t pay you back, his ass getting locked up.” I get it, lawyers are people, and I’ve met some foul-mouthed ones, but in court? Nope, that shit don’t happen. You have to respect the court. Check out LegalEagle for more on that. God, this is so fucking dull. He can’t even be bothered to lie to me. Do some fucking cardio! God, his panting is even more annoying than normal. And he doxxed Bryan. Good plan. Joe be looking at him tough. It’s amazing how tough Joe can be when the other person is white and/or can’t possibly attack Joe. “Unfortunately, this thing is gonna be dragged out for another year.” The case with Bryan or the flip house? We’re nine minutes in and this is absolutely boring. I want to hang myself. Landscaping/Flip House “You got me doing this thing correctly.” Said in reference to the comments. No words. And just like that, I’m interested. Joe has an $1,075 power bill? Oh boy, I’m really going to have to spend some time to figure out how fucked he is. Of course he doesn’t pay his electric bill. So fucking on brand. “We don’t do things traditionally around here.” From your mouth to god’s ears. I get that sometimes breaking with tradition is a good thing, but then there are times, like, oh, you know, when you’re renovating a house you want to sell, that you should stick to tradition. I know that wasn’t the point of Fiddler on the Roof’s “Tradition” song, but still. Like, I guess to Joe, tradition says, “Get rid of mold.” Fuck that tradition! “Stupid fucking blower don’t want to start.” I’ll take, “What do people at the gloryhole yell at Joe” for $400, Alex. Also, who wants to bet that he’s said the same thing about women who are, somehow, repulsed by him? “Whether you’re feeling it or not, folks, you got to handle your obligations.” I’m too lazy to go get the time stamp of yesterday’s video where you were on camera discussing possible lies/excuses for why you just couldn’t do the landscaping yesterday. You do know that we can go back and watch your old videos, right? No one actually does that, but it is possible. “Who’d have thought, four months later, we’d still be doing drywall?” Most, if not all, of the DEMF. What with the way you mud. Question for you Joe, do you think you coat the walls with so much mud because you’re unable to coat Damon’s face? 😉😉 I thought about making a different kind of walls reference, but I felt kinda gross, but y’all can use your imaginations. I am almost at the point where I love his delusion that the house is going to sell for more than $200k. He’s like the equivalent of a Golden Retriever, minus the likability and usefulness, but all the stupidity. But he’s just so happy being dumb, you can’t help but want to throw a tennis ball and see him pant and roll his way to it. Is there a legitimate reason why he can’t work past 4? I know I rant about this every recap, but why on Earth isn’t he actually putting in time. Hang on, I need to do some napkin math. Ok, napkin math time: Assuming Joe works 6 days a week and has been doing so since the start, if he’d just worked one extra hour per day, by November 1st, he’d have worked an extra 72 hours, or an extra 10 days and change. He legit might have been done by his deadline, just one extra hour. “It’s gonna take a lot of mud.” Jesus, well, I guess we’re here for another 4 weeks while you build the room out of mud. And wait, this is the last room? So… $265k, right? Wow, I really, really hope Joe is about to make a withdrawal from the ATM army. It was only a matter of time, y’all think this content is free?!? And do it Joe, do it, take out more loans, it’ll just make that loss of yours fatter. Wait… didn’t I make a joke post about Joe offering to sell the house to one of the ATM Army? Please, oh please let him do that instead! Gross, you’re so fucking fake. Conclusion I’m tired and bored. This may or may not stay up, I’m not really happy with it and don’t feel like it’s up to my usual standards.

Happy Monday! We’ve got Joe going to court… wait, I thought Joe only held court in the streets? Whatevs. Anyways, let’s do this! I got a BBQ chicken and rice bowl, a tall glass of water and Joe to keep my company tonight. Ugh, I hate being healthy, where’s my booze? The theme for today’s review will be, “Aly Makes a Ton of Old References,” or “Piss-Poor Plumber takes a Pummeling from a Peppy and Perky Panda.” <— First one, that’s a Rocky & Bullwinkle style title. For each reference, take a shot. Intro Thirty seconds in and we’ve got a lot to unpack. Joe’s slicked his hair back. I guess that’s what he thinks professional people do? Instead of looking professional, Joe looks like a Greaser who hasn’t learned that you can’t beat the Socs and you should just get a real job. OR, he looks like the gayest member of West Side Story, whichever is funnier. And, btw, while we’re on the topic of looking professional, why the hell didn’t he grease his beard or do whatever guys with beards do? You look like a hobo someone cleaned up to win a bet that a hobo can run a company as well as someone from Harvard. Joe’s straight out of a bad 80s movie. Side Note: NO, not “Trading Places”, that was a fucking classic. Joe’s out of the discount one, like, whatever the “Brewster’s Millions” version of “Trading Places” is, that’s what Joe’s out of. Someone said I was dating myself because of my “duckets” reference, haha, now how dated am I? An open work shirt over a t-shirt is “dressed up”? You know, in the sunlight, Joe doesn’t just look like a Greaser, wait, I need a Greaser name for him… I know, “Bone Me, Boy!” He also looks like Riker from the future in the finale of ST:TNG, but again, a white trash Admiral Riker. “I filmed a video about this on After Prison Show, I’m kinda double-dipping, but I feel like it’s important to share on After Prison Show.” Let’s run this through the Bone Me Boy translator… Ah, that makes sense, “I’m so fucking broke, dear god, please let this video get views, so I’m double-dipping and doing anything I can to make money.” “The way he said, struck me the wrong way” re: the way the prosecutor said the construction fraud charges aren’t going to stick. Yeah, I bet it did. Anything that isn’t proverbially or literally sucking you off is going to strike you the wrong way. The problem for you, Bone Me, is that you don’t have a Jersey B in real life. And, you know, fuck off, I’m not calling it you yelling at the prosecutor or you getting made, no. You threw a tantrum like a little kid. You didn’t hear what you wanted to hear so you screamed and made a fuss. It doesn’t matter if YOU think you can prove something, it’s about what the prosecutor can prove. This isn’t “Low & Odor: Special Construction Fraud”, this is the real world. Joe’s going to punk out on the landscaping. I thought you were a boss and had to handle your business and had to make sure you did what you said you were going to do? Never mind. And you don’t really have to be there, I guarantee you don’t. If you were actually going to be a witness, you’d have been deposed. And we all know that you would’ve milked that for any views you could have. You’re just going to gloat. Instead of doing that, why don’t you just working the house? You know, Bone Me, I hear that no one will care about your money, the way you care about your money. I know Joe thinks he’s being funny by saying that he gets to play prosecutor and that he’s got his opening and closing remarks, but you know, there’s a part of him that believes he could do a better job and he thinks he’s going to be called as a witness. Joe, you need to realize, you’re not Atticus Finch, for one thing, you’re a white supremacist and Atticus would’ve put you in your place. At the Flip/On the Way to Court How is it Joe looks worse when he tries to clean up? He really does look like a hobo. Yikes, the bathroom tile looks terrible. No joke, just wow, that’s bad. Did anyone catch this? This is some Class A electrical work and interior design. No way this will get frustrating and drive someone insane. From certain angles, Joe looks like the cliche bouncer/boxer/person whose glory days are behind him, that you see in really sad movies. Like, Daredevil’s dad in the Ben Affleck version? Joe’s totally the washed up, loser that gets killed in the ring. “I wanted to look presentable.” He says while looking like he’d be kicked out of a courtroom. “But also to look the part.” I love when Joe confirms that everything he does is cosplay. “This is my ‘Construction Man’ look.” “This is my ‘Going to Court Man’ look.” The best narcissists and sociopaths can actually hide this kind of stuff. It’s too bad he spends all this money to look the part but they’re all just variations on a theme, “Loser”. “That’s my opinion though, and that means nothing.” Yup. God, please don’t let this go to an actual trial and Joe gets to make a victim impact statement. I don’t understand this act he’s putting on right now. This, “oh, I’m so nervous to be going into a courthouse.” I really don’t get it. Prison didn’t have any effect on you, you’re still a shitty person who pushes the boundaries of legality and ethics. I could understand being worried if anyone from the city or law enforcement saw your videos, but I don’t think you have to worry about that since no one watches your videos. Well, except me… and the views you buy. Tell me, Counselor, how does it feel to know that no one in there will know you, except as a felon and a waste of flesh? Something to ponder, maybe with a gun in your mouth? (Yikes, Aly got a little dark there) Post Court I gotta admit, I spent a few minutes trying to decipher this. I was betting it would’ve been stick figure drawings of Joe playing lawyer, but it looks like he actually learned how to write. And also, that’s the face Joe makes when he’s in the center of the bukkake circle. I take it back, I wish Joe did get called as a witness. Mainly to read the court transcripts and see, “pant See, folks, pant what pant he pant did gulps…” “I know all the questions are, ‘Joe, shut the fuck up and tell me what happened at court today.’” Well, that’s not a question, for starters. But, you are getting better at reading and understanding your audience, you could’ve just stopped after the first five words and you’d have been right on the money. I’m really sorry, but if I have to suffer through this, the least y’all can do is suffer through one from of this with me. I don’t really care to wait for tomorrow, if I really cared, I’d go pull the court records. But I don’t. Quick theory: the reason Joe isn’t telling us what happened at court today is because he’s going to go home and make something up. I really hope his story involves the court reporter being overcome with lust and blowing him while he rides a triceratops. “What’s the budget be looking like?” Wait, i got something for this. It be looking like Joe’s ass after a night with Peaches, wrecked! It be looking like Joe’s pants, blown out. It be looking like Joe’s stomach in skinny jeans, over. I think three is enough, is something Joe NEVER says when it comes to guys. Which is also something Joe prays his wife says when she sees him undressed and at attention, so to speak. “I feel like I’m only working a half-day over here today.” So, same as any other day then? “Do you guys like doing the same thing over and over again?” Meh, I punish myself by watching your videos day in and day out, and just the Streetlight Manifesto song, I find it to be a relatively fun time… Ahh, who am I kidding? I fucking love ripping on you, it’s sooo easy. “Let me be getting to helping Damen before y’all be saying, ‘Damn Joe, you just be crackin’ the whip.’” You don’t really crack the whip so much as you just yell and scream, provide the target of your screaming and yelling is either a woman or someone easily intimidated by you and definitely not a minority. Oh, the construction cosplay is back, he’s got his toolbelt, good for you Joe. And another thing that will drive ANY homeowner nuts and speaks to Joe’s laziness. Really? You couldn’t be bothered to have the same color lights in the two fixtures in the same room? Dear god, do you just want to fail? I know that’s one of my little theories about you, but it’s just another data point in the yes column. Also, the picture above is the look Joe gets when he sees they’ve run out of Pizza Rolls. Can someone tell me if these shims look as dumb as I think they do? “If we could just get one good, solid day over here, I swear we’d be in a much better place.” Nothing’s really stopping you, well, except for you. To quote a great manager, Stewie Griffin, “Whether you think you can or you think you can’t, you’re right.” The truth is, you COULD come over here and work 12 hours a day, 7 days a week and put your money where your mouth is. You could show that you actually care about your wife’s money and her trust in you to be responsible and to give her a return on her investment. You could do all of that, you just choose not to. Why? Because you’re a piece of human trash who, just like a toddler, throws tantrums until he gets his way and doesn’t understand delayed gratification. Conclusion That was fun. Remember to tune in tomorrow to find out what happened at court, same Fat Time, same Fat Channel.

I guess Joe’s even better than god, at least he had the decency to rest on the seventh day. “Boi doe, take the seventh day off? No way! Work on flip 3 on the seventh day? Yahweh!” Ok, terrible biblical puns behind us, actually, there’s probably gonna be a few more. Intro The opening seconds of this video, Joe looks like the discount version of Walter White from the final season of Breaking Bad. Might actually have lung cancer with all the panting he’s doing. Anyway, let’s see what Walter Witless has in store for us today. Why the hell does he start the day with no battery on his GoPro? This is one of those little pet peeves that bother me to no end. Like, throw it on the charger at night? How fucking hard is it to do this? “Oh boy, we got some interesting stuff getting ready to happen here on JDS.” Hope springs eternal that there will be some interesting content on here. At least give me more to write about, you’re so fucking tired and predictable. If JDS was a TV series, we’d be at the point in Season 3 where they’re doing a flashback to high school episode and a fucking clip show because the writers ran out of ideas. I wonder if the construction company is actually hitting lines or if they’re just telling Joe that to fuck with him? You’re going to share a crazy, sad, horror story with us? Is it the tale of an up and coming prison YouTuber, a godfather if you will, and how he let himself go physically, abandoned any semblance of wanting to help others and turned into the equivalent of Don Lupree selling tiny, classified ads, except those were for phone sex lines and you could at least climax if you called them. Whereas, no one climaxes with Joe. Why are you so fucking winded telling this story? Joe managed to piece it together that because he left the doors open, a bird enters the house. Is this real life? Why doesn’t he open the window that the bird is flying at? If anyone is keeping count, Joe has now been responsible for two animal dies. You know, the way he tells this story about watching the bird die and the laughing he does, this is evil. “We’ve got some problem solving we need to do today.” Well, fuck, this is gonna be like watching Sisyphus roll a boulder uphill, all.day.long, isn’t it? And trashing Damen on video again. I don’t really give a damn if you want to throw each other under the bus and fuck each other over, y’all are some pieces of shit. But could you at least attempt to be the person you lie to us about being? Is that so much to ask? That you just lie to me. Try that. I won’t believe you, but it might make this more palpable. Joe needs 110 percent, by my count, Joe half-asses things, so that’s Joe giving 50%. So, he should need Damen to give 150% so they can be the equivalent of two people giving 100%. Fucking math, how does it work? At the Flip Dammit, Joe has the heat on. That’ll mean a return to Sweaty Joe. Joy. This is what I want from you Joe, thank you. Lying to me, I missed that. “Listen folks, I’m not above making mistakes. And I definitely made one.” You’re right, you’re not above making mistakes; the majority of your life has been a series of mistakes. Do you show your videos to your parents? If my child turned out half as bad, I’d be googling just how late a late term abortion can be. “This tile looks good. God, it looks good.” You can tell when Joe’s been reading the DEMF comments, he doubles down on this stuff to try and get reactions. Joe, you may irritate me with your self-imposed ignorance of quality work and attempts to troll us, but, and listen up Joe because this bit’s important: we’re not the ones who have to sell that house. Owning the trolls doesn’t get you to that mythical $265k, so carry on my weightward son. I’m shocked, Joe has decided to do the laziest option to end the tile. No bull-nose, no starting over, nope, just caulk. Remember, $265k “How about that Joe, you dumbass.” Thanks Joe, couldn’t have said it better myself. Under the sink has more leaks than a Soviet submarine. Under the sink has more leaks than a vegetarian restaurant. Maybe he could take the doors off the vanity, install some plexiglass and treat under the sink as a modern water installation? That’s problem solving. “We gotta fix that ASAP” proceeds to slowly walk out the bathroom and back in without turning the water off Wow, it really is like the DEMF is in Joe’s head when he’s ranting like, “No need to be proud Joe, you ain’t done NOTHING to be proud of!” I can’t decide, is that his honest, inner monologue coming out or is it just the DEMF remodeling the house in his head in which we live? “Well, I never claimed to be a plumber, ok?” Nope, just a Class A contractor, level 5 drywaller, decent husband, tough guy who holds court in the streets, hmm, lot of things you’ve claimed, I’m surprised “plumber” isn’t one of them… what with your years of experience with pipe 😉🏳️‍🌈 “Maybe that gasket was important after all?” Naw, Joe, fuck that noise. Companies just put those in there to squeeze more money out of hardworking, Class A contractors like yourself. Fucking stick it to those corporate pigs and don’t you dare install that gasket, fucking rise up! POV: a homeless man is pawing at you, trying to have sex with you I love that Joe believes that gaskets on plumbing are suggestions. AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA the sink hardware is on backwards. God, this flip house is absolutely the house that Joe built. This is perfect. “My hand hurts, it took so much raw power to get that thing undone.” He says, 30 seconds after moving a pair of channel lock pliers out of the way. If only there was something he could’ve used instead. Joe, you’ve got to save the skin on your hands, you definitely don’t want to rough it up. That’ll just make guys mad when you try to give them handjobs. You want buttery smooth palms. “When you work hard, it’s gonna hurt.” Explain your injuries then? Fuck, we are only halfway through this video and I’ve hit some weird lull in the video. So bored. “I feel like when I’m by myself, I have a tendency to get a little scatterbrained.” Fucking understatement of the year, rightchere. No, Joe, we’re not sick of hearing that no one cares about your money the way you care about your money. A. It’s true and B. It’s actually good advice. What we’re sick of, is you spouting of this financial advice, like a white trash Dave Ramsey, and not following it. If you truly cared about your money, well, your wife’s money, you wouldn’t do 90 percent of the things you do now. Of course, this could also be your subtle dig at your wife for not caring about her money because she foolishly invested in Dave Rumsey here and isn’t supervising you. Say what you want about her, we know damn well, she would keep your ass on task, if she actually cared. I’m not sure why the constant references to him using a bucket instead of a toilet. Like, it grossed me out the first time, and still does. But I’m numb to it. Like I’m dead inside to Joe’s grossness. I don’t think it makes you more appealing or relatable, but hey, keep going with your shit talk and your shit content. It’s truly a match made in the welfare line. Does meth make you think you can sing? “Guess the GoPro don’t want to hear me talk.” That reminds me, in films when you have complicated information you need to give to the audience and don’t want to read things to them, you have an audience stand-in. This is a character who, like the audience, is new to this world and you can explain things to them and thus the audience. Anyway, this is a long walk to the joke that the GoPro is doing what the audience wants to do: shut off and not listen to Joe. “This is a two-man operation for sure.” where will you find two men on such short notice? I have to be smoking crack, is the kitchen sink hardware gold? What the actual fuck? I just realized, Joe is the stereotype of what non-rich people think rich people like. “Rich people like gold, therefore, the kitchen faucet should be gold.” He’s like Zoidberg when everyone got the $300 from the defeat of the spider people and he goes to an art gallery and says, “One art please.” That’s Joe, minus all the likability of Dr. Z. Please keep bitching about the heat without turning off the heat and/or taking off your blue collar cosplay, fucking Bumble Vila. It’s not a clip, jackass. It’s a magazine. Joe framed two windows, that’s his big achievement for today. “Shit takes time, you can’t just come in here and think you’re going to get the whole house done in a day, it just don’t work like that.” Wow, Joe is a regular Captain Hindsight. If only he could remember this advice for the next time. But hey, growth is growth, I suppose. “It may not seem like we’re getting much done.” Nope, it doesn’t seem like that, it is that. You trimmed two windows, did some plumbing and caulked around the bathroom tile. I feel like that’s something a moderately competent person could do in 3-4 hours. Conclusion At least Joe is back to giving me content to snark about. The last few of these have been so formulaic and boring to watch. I tried watching the previous video last night, maybe do like a midnight recap and like five minutes in, I fell asleep. I hope this makes you laugh 💖

Oh boy, Joe’s got a present for us, a 50 minute video. Did anyone ever read the Foundation series by Asimov? Remember the part where the delegation from the Empire is talking to the Mayor and he analyzes what he says and it turns out the ambassador said absolutely nothing? I feel like that’s Joe’s content. The longer it goes, the less actual content there is. Well, enough stalling, I’m a little late so I need to make up for it with some scathing commentary and good jokes. But first, a prayer to our Lard and Savior. “I have seen the dawning of the glory of The Joe; He is committing fraud with his terrible wife in tow; He is losing all his patience with the DEMF, don’t you know; He is failing on!” Intro “Everything sold separately” Jesus, originality is a dirty word to you, isn’t it Joe? What’s tomorrow’s title, Batteries Not Included? No Purchase Necessary? Untalented hack. “Cold start to the day, crooked camera.” Crooked camera for a crooked contractor wannabe. It fits. We’re going to discuss politics? Well, if I know Joe, this will be a well thought out position that examines the nuances of the issues and not, “LOL Republicans Hitler” or “Democrats are communists” You’d have voted for Youngkin? Fine, vote for whomever you want, your vote is your business… however, Joe, name three of his policies, I’ll wait. Why does Joe care about the minimum wage? He pays under the table. Does Joe think he’s a successful businessman like Youngkin? And that’s why you like him? He’s now shopping for open-boxed vanities? With dings? But it’s only 299. Something, something, $265,000, whatever. Better question though: How broke is Joe or how bad is the situation that Joe is now considering open-boxed items? And no shade, buy whatever you can afford, but for Sir Flex-a-Lot here, you’re stooping to our level? He can’t load the vanity and that’s why he’s not buying it. I would pay good money to interview one of the Lowes employees that deals with Joe regularly. How much of a shitty customer do you have to be where you don’t get free loading assistance? Like, Joe, you know, if you’re not asshat, they’ll just load your stuff for you. Damen isn’t answering his phone and Joe is so sad. The look on his face is a look I’m sure we’ve all had on our faces or have seen on our partner’s when it’s over. But! We do get to speculate as to why Joe is so sad! Is it because: A. He misses Damon’s company B. Damen got that teenth of Tina and that’s the only way Joe can start the day C. He misses that Damen D! D. He’s sad because he’s facing the prospect of having to do all the work he doesn’t want to do and that thought terrifies and saddens him? At the Flip And it’s like the last 30-60 seconds didn’t happen, because we’re talking about Damen and Joe is sad. Can I ask a stupid question? Why does Joe need Damen? I get that he’s the most reliable person that Joe has working for him, but follow my logic for a second. For this, I’m going to take Joe at his word. Joe is a Class A contractor and should be able to easily bring people on to finish the house (hang on, I hear the argument “what about the cost?” And I got you, boo!) Let’s assume Joe’s only spent $50,000 on this so far, but the house will go for $265-300k, so why no go get a loan for $20,000, grab your guys and knock this out? Sure, it cuts into your profit margin but you’ll be walking away with a profit and you’ll probably make some connections of guys you can use on the next one. You know, it’s almost like he’s lying about all of it because he’s actions don’t match the reality he’s tried to fabricate… but that can’t be, right? Not Class A, Level 5 Joe! “Nine o’clock in the morning and my top worker decided to show up.” You know how you said, like five second before, that Damen would quit before you fire him? You’re 100% right, and it’s shit like that, that’ll make him quit. Dude, you need to shut the fuck up about this petty shit and get to fucking work. You made more grout than necessary, it couldn’t be because you were working while angry and letting emotions guide you? Joe’s dropping life lessons, today’s is, “if you use small tiles and there are lots of lines, you’ll need a lot of grout.” And throwing more shade at Matt, so fucking tiresome. I’m 17 minutes in and bored. And now I’m disgusted. Really, we’re resorting to scat humor? What the hell is going on with the wall in the hallway? It’s at 18:38, from some angles, it looks like the wall is bubbling out? “That is noticeable as shit, but whatever.” The Class A attitude! “If the vanity’s not there, it’s Damen’s fault.” And then the two lovers have a passive-aggressive fight. Dear lord, make me a bird, so I can fly, far, far away from JPG. “Go ahead and say, ‘Joe, you as dumb as a bitch.’” Remember when Joe made a big deal about someone allegedly catcalling his wife and said, “It’s 2021, it’s not a good look.”? For some reason, that just popped into my head. “At this point, I am now secondguessing all work that Matt did at this house.” I thought he didn’t do anything? More importantly, Mr. I-Demand-Perfection… why weren’t you supervising him? Why weren’t you following up on what he was doing? Why weren’t you being, dare I say it, a boss? God, stop trying to scapegoat some guy who had anxiety issues. You piece of shit. “I don’t think you could tell me anything about this” in regards to this tile work. Well, Joe, I bet the people over at r/tile would have a few things to say. I’m now onboard the, “Joe is on Meth” bandwagon. Dude is so fucking hyper and random. He’s on something, his whole attitude is off. Maybe that’s how he’s going to get the Nicolas Cage, Con-Air body? Annnnddddd, now I’m on board the, “Joe is going to burn down the house” bandwagon. He’s using glue to remove caulking compound… INSIDE THE HOUSE. I have no words for how dumb that is. He was going to clean out the toilet drain barehanded?!? He’s so fucking disgusting. Can I ask another question? Do guys talk like this with each other? Like, is this normal guy behavior? Conclusion Joe is a disgusting, vile, poor excuse for a human being. I’m so tired of him complaining about Matt and anyone else who “wrongs” him. Just bang and get it over with. Or shut up.

Happy Friday Eve, only one more day and then it’s time for the weekend and we get to set our clocks back, things are looking up! Thank you for the well-wishes from last night, things are better, still rocking out to TayTay but that’s a personal choice. I’m stalling because this video is 36 minutes… Intro What? We’re back in the truck! Yay! Driving and rambling is back! Joe gets up before the sun comes up (like most of us) and leaves when the sun is going down. Well, the days are shorter so that’s probably pretty easy. Joe’s whining about dust and says he’s concerned about it because he’s heard it causes cancer. If only there was some kind of device you could put on your face to cover your mouth and nose and filter out particles. Maybe something that we’ve all be carrying around with us for the last 20 months? Can’t think of a thing, let’s move on. “That was a lot of water for a couple little drips.” 🤔 So, there’s a lot of water but it’s only dripping, let’s put on our thinking caps.. nope, can’t think of a way that could be possible. There’s no way that it could’ve been dripping for a long time causing there to be lots of water, nope, if there were only a few drips then that means not a lot of water was there. No need to worry! You know how Nero fiddled while Rome burned (he didn’t, the fiddle/violin wasn’t invented yet, that’s a fun fact to ruin somebody’s day with when they try to be cute and cite Nero… wait)? I feel like Joe is, well, not fiddling, but kazoo’ing while the flip house sinks. Also, there were apparently old shirts of Joe’s at the flip. That means he’s been shirtless in there.. gross. “The living room is the only room in the house that has had no work done in it.” Could’ve fooled me, based on the way the rest of the house looks, you do know we can see these videos, right? It’s not a podcast, I can see the “work” you do. At the Flip I’m gonna be nice and NOT post a screenshot of Joe looking into the camera like a monkey trying to figure out, well, a camera. You’re welcome. 💖 I’m no Class A, but it seems to me that if you had water leaks into your plywood, and it’s approaching wintertime, maybe, you’d want to run some heat and fans to dry it quickly. Probably not though, that’d cut into the fat profit margins! Why is there an outlet under the sink? I’m confused. Remember Joe talking about fat stacks and how he’s going to make a ton of money off this house? Good. Here’s today, “It’s probably some of the worst plumbing you can have and this whole house is Quest.” Your plan is to sell a house, for more than $250k, with the worst possible plumbing? Congrats Joe, you’ve leveled up to TikTokTycoon and Asshole. He’s showing off the valves and says, “three rivets on the quest side, Class A.” Did you stroke out? What the hell? And 30 seconds later, he has no idea what parts on the valve are. Maybe we’ve been hearing him wrong? Maybe it’s not “Class A” we’ve been hearing, but it’s “Class Eh?” So far this is my fave part, “There’s still water in there, I don’t understand it, the water’s cut off.” Does someone want to tell him that pipes hold water? Naw, Mr. Class Eh? Will figure it out. “Nothing’s happening there.” He pulls up the line and it is draining, it was just underwater… so brilliant. Joe, I stand in awe of you. “I learned a lesson early on in this house, oh I did.” Was that lesson, “A Pre Purchase Inspection is a good idea?” Was it maybe, “I should hire an actual contractor instead of roleplaying as a contractor?” Nope, we don’t get the lesson because the GoPro cuts out. I will say this, he’s supposedly stopping water from coming out of a cut pipe with his thumb. And there’s another leak upstairs. I think maybe the roof was fine and there’s just shitty plumbing (haha). Falling asleep watching this at 1.5x. It’s weird, if you watch him at 1.25x or 1.5x, he sounds normal and moves like a normal person. “God, I’m so fucking sore.” Damen really doing a number on you last night? 😉 And there was another leak by the upstairs bathroom toilet. House is like fucking Swiss cheese. Or a Stansport tent… if y’all are into camping at all, check out The Outdoor Gear Review. I don’t even do more than occasionally hike and I love his videos, especially his tent reviews. Where was I? Oh, watching Joe role play as a competent adult. 1/10 on his blue collar cosplay. He put mud around the tile? Huh? And then this gem, “I want this thing to be really nice and I think, I’m hopeful it will be.” Well, you can want it all you want, but what are you doing to achieve that? Because that tile job is getting worse and worse, the more I look at it. You’re just doing everything you can to cross that finish line, but you give no thought to how you get there, aren’t you? You really thing someone is going to want that prison-inspired bathroom with the tile that looks like a 1st grader’s, “Let’s Learn Shapes” puzzle? Good luck. giggle Joe complaining about his knees hurting is kinda funny. “Get rid of you, you’re piece of junk, you’re a piece of trash.” Damn, looks like Joe’s inner monologue turned into an outer monologue. Self-care Joe, have some compassion for yourself, be kind, to your mind. Or not, because you really are a trashy person. Post Leak Tour We get to see a new light Joe installed and wow, what a difference light makes. Now, you might think I’m being a DEMF, but Joe, it doesn’t look like those ceilings are level 5… AHAHAHAHAHAHA who am I kidding? You fucking failed! 10 coats of mud and you still have imperfections that would make a Jackson Pollock painting looks smooth in comparison. “It’s crazy what you can see when you got plenty of light.” If only there were like lights for work… you know, Joe, since you like to hand out million dollar ideas, there’s one for you: work lights for when people are working on houses and there’s no electricity. You’re welcome! And we’re back to bitching about Matt. Blah, blah, blah, Joe’s in love with Matt, blah, blah, blah, Joe wants Matt’s caulk, y’all know the joke. Next! Joe, I’ve got an early birthday present for you. I’m going to agree with you that Matt wasn’t very good and he certainly wasn’t worth $20/25/hour AND I’m going to agree with you that you made the right decision by firing him. Happy birthday Joe. 😘🥳🎉 Now, who was the dumbass who fired him after 72 hours, rehired him and then gave him a raise in the same day? Oh, that’s right, YOU. Any of these failings and pieces of unsatisfactory work and extra costs, you can call them Peaches. Why? Cause they’re on you. You were the one who put up with it and continued to pay him. Shut up about Matt. The new living room lights may as well be x-rays with the way they shine through and reveal all of Joe’s terrible mud work. He better hope he sells this house to someone who can’t see. I like his theory on lighting, “You don’t need an expe… you just need a newer light.” Yeah, cut corners Joe and cheap out. But make sure to be mad at us for saying you’re not getting $265 out of this house. “We’ve got the wall color in here… and I can’t tell much of a difference between the primer and the wall color…” /u/slayer3636 got my “Young Ones” reference, let’s see if you’ll get this one. Anyone watch “Red Dwarf?” (Pre-season like 8 or 9, pretty much once the nano bots brought the ship back it went downhill) but anyway, in Season 1, Rimmer is having the scutters paint the hall and he’s changing it from Ocean Gray to Military Gray and can’t tell the difference either. That’s what this is, except that show was supposed to be funny. “Let’s look at the tile work one more time, gosh I’m just so proud of this.” Why? Do me a favor, Joe, go home and look in your bathroom and tell me if you think what you have installed at the flip is in any way similar. “I found something better than caulk.” Two caulks? I’ve realized something that’s going to bother the new owners: the bathroom upstairs has a tile surround but the bathroom downstairs just has the plastic bathtub in it. I would be soooo pissed if one of my bathrooms was like that. Conclusion God this was dull. You know what, we haven’t had any drama in a while, that’s what we need. What if Damen is secretly seeing Matt behind Joe’s back? SQUEEE!

It’s been a rock out to Taylor Swift kinda day today. Which is bad, but listing to T-Swizzle is awesome. If you don’t find yourself dancing to “Paper Rings”, check your pulse cause that song is so upbeat and fun! Oh, and check out “New Romantics” off of the 1989 DLX album, so freaking fun!!!! The one good thing is that I’ve convinced one of our senior managers, my direct boss, to use the phrase, “We Gucci” so, at least today ended on a good note. Wait, I’m supposed to roasting someone who’s the opposite of TayTay, ok, on to the video! At the Flip “what do you use to drill through a tile..?” You know, my inner English geek is way more upset over him coming up short on the ellipsis… but then again, that’s par for the course for Joe, isn’t it? Finished early again, right JPG? GAH!!! No, Joe, bad, bad Joe. Don’t open videos like this. Well, if I have to suffer, y’all do too. I don’t know how Raney does it, like, I really don’t. How do you even sleep in the same room as that? LIke, girl, I’m so sorry. Also, this is two videos in a row where I’ve not had to suffer through Joe’s rambling in the truck. Is it learning? I kinda miss it. There were usually some really good truth bombs he let slip out during those sessions. “Can’t believe this took me eight hours to do just this much.” I can. Especially after I spent an hour watching tiling videos to see just how bad you are at it. 🤷🏻‍♀️ You’re mentioning the turtle, fuck you. Just getting that out there now. You know what, unlike Joe, I’m gonna put my money where my mouth is. Your girl just adopted a sea turtle. Bam! No, Joe, it’s not been just since the turtle that things have gone downhill. You’ve been going downhill for years. Don’t you blame the innocent turtle that you killed. Fuck you. Wanna know why I hate Joe? This is why. You fucking kill a turtle, use it for views and now it’s some kind of bad luck charm. No, you’re the bad luck charm. Everything you touch turns to rot and ruin (someone’s putting their English degree to use). You’re like the opposite of King Midas, Kinda Mindless is what I’m going with. “I don’t know if I can be forgiven, that turtle damn sure ain’t forgiving me, but whatever.” It’s all an act with you, isn’t it? Fuck off. And now a ramble about trick or treating. Shut up. At least you get trick or treaters. I’m stuck out here in Mormonland where these fucking killjoys are doing “trunk or treat”. If you haven’t heard about it, they all get in their cars and go to their local church, park in the parking lot and the kids walk from car to car. Which, before I rant about this, is a fucking TERRIBLE message to send to kids: it’s totally cool to get candy from strange people in church parking lots. That’s always worked out well, right Catholics? And here’s my rant, fuck that noise. Halloween used to be fun, you’d go out with your friends, dress up/slutty and cause chaos and get some candy, but now? It’s a church activity. Gah!!! And are we to believe that Joe willingly gave away candy? Sorry, easy fat joke. Damon’s back. Ok, everyone bet on how many times Joe mentions it in this video. My money is on three. “What’s up with all the negativity?” Do you want an honest answer? Fine. I’m in a cunty mood (so much so that I’m dropping C-bombs). You know why I’m so negative about you Joe? it’s because you’re the worst parts of multiple parts of our society and you seem to revel in it. You’re the worst part of influencer culture, which is ironic since you buy your subscribers and can’t crack 10k views. You’re egotistical and care only about yourself. You’re the worst part of capitalism that chases profit above all else, which, continuing the irony theme, you don’t even make profit. At least John D Rockefeller made something, what have you made? You’re the worst part of men (sorry fellas, gonna throw some shade) you’re toxic masculinity personified. You think everything needs to be resolved through being tough or alpha, ooh third irony strike, because you’re NOT alpha, you’re a blowhard who, by your own admission in your APS videos (remember those?) can’t fight and lost most every fight he’s ever been in. And that’s just surface level stuff. Let’s dig deeper. For someone who claims to care about prisoners, you used ex-cons for views, you exploited their situations for your own gain. You can say that you paid them, whatever, you still sought them out. Instead of doing something meaningful to spearhead prison reform, you choose to open a rent-to-own moped dealership that targets vulnerable individuals. You decided to line your pockets with the money of people who had no choice but to go to you. I’m no SJW and I’m no crusader, but it sickens me when people take advantage of the less fortunate. You want to try and scam me? Go for it. You try and scam someone who’s been kicked by life and is on the ground, who needs a hand up? Fuck you, I’ll rip you all day and night. You’ve done NOTHING of note in your life and you had a golden opportunity to make the world just a little bit better and you chose not to. Should I keep going Joe? That’s why the negativity. Oh, you’re mad that we’re saying you’re not going to make money? Fine, prove me wrong. You put together any kind of analysis that shows where I’m wrong, I will Zelle you $500. You can’t and you know it. You’re resorting to the tactics of tinpot dictators when their positions aren’t secure and they feel threatened, you try to stifle debate. You block people, you shadowban them and now you’re still complaining? You’ve done a purge that would make Stalin and the Khmer Rouge say, “Damn, you need to chill.” And you’re still not happy, like I said, Mindless, you produce a real estate market analysis that shows that house is worth $265k and that $500 is yours, which I know you need. You think you’re going to look like Nicolas Cage in Con-Air? I… Look, this may be too personal to share, but we’re all friends in the DEMF Confederacy. When I was in my mid 20s I was way overweight, like 250 (for the record, I’m 5’9 and now hover between 140-150) and I was in massive denial about my situation. Those kinds of changes don’t take place over three months, they don’t take place over six. It’s a years long process to see that kind of improvement. I know, I know I give you shit, but if you want honest advice it’s this: stop looking for the 90 day transformation, they’re rare and they aren’t permanent. You need to commit to something and work at it for months and years to build the person you want to be. Unless this is your way of saying the house won’t be done next week 🤷🏻‍♀️ “What have I ever done except work hard (HAHAHAHAHA) and try to motivate others?” Well, you do motivate me to run and lift weights… so there’s that. You’re a great lesson, like, if I had kids, I’d make them watch you to terrify them of what can happen to them. Don’t go to the store on the first, why’s that Joe? Oh, you’re making a crack at people who get government assistance. You better be careful, you might be on those programs by the end of the year. And again, punching down. Fuck you. Your birthday is on the 20th? Neat, too bad you have to beg for presents. Driving back to the Flip “The wind wouldn’t shut the fuck up.” Now you know how I feel. “By the time we were done it was like we hadn’t done anything.” Huh, weird, that seems to be a theme with you. The flip, the landscape job… your wife’s uterus, all with no progress made. Fuck me, we’re 8 minutes in. Begging for equipment for your birthday. I’d make fun of you, but this is just sad. But, I will ask this question, why would you expect your equipment to last with the way you treat it? You paid homage to the turtle, cool, match my donation, cheap fuck. At the Flip You’re panting and gasping from walking, mixing thin set and cutting tile. Yeah, Nicolas Cage, totally. “Not trying to make that sound as racist as it does.” Your mind went there, not mine. You really should do some cardio, I imagine it’s difficult to breathe under those hoods. “Dudes on TikTok make this look easier than it is” right, that’s what talent gets you. But, come on Joe, we know you’re watching those TikTok thirst traps. I’m sure you managed to find the only shirtless tile guy on there. He can’t be this dumb? He’s going to go to Lowes to buy something to drill through tile? Here’s an obscure reference, but did anyone ever watch The Young Ones with Rick Mayall (RIP)? There’s that episode where Neil is nailing plates to the table and ends up nailing through his legs. Joe needs Neil to help him with this. “If you give somebody some money, make sure you film it, just kidding.” Except you’re not. Joe, it’s not cute nor does it reduce your assholeishness if you joke about being an asshole. The reason those jokes work for some people is because we’re not assholes. Please Joe, tell me more about how wonderful you are. It’s so fake sounding. You know, most people just do their good deeds and don’t say anything. Most of us don’t get on camera and broadcast it. The only reason I’m flexing my turtle donation is because you’re an asshat. “I was going to dress up like the TinMan because I have no soul.” Close Joe, he had no heart while you have a heart that barely functions. Almost right! “Story of my life, making shit harder than it needs to be.” You’re so close to being self-aware Joe, so close. And now he’s telling Damen about his good deed. I love how humble and down to Earth Joe is. “That’s a small piece I’ve got to fit in there.” Ask Raney for some tips? “Don’t think I did half-bad at all.” Didn’t do half-good either. That slim piece on the ends, in the corner look terrible. It looks like someone forgot or didn’t measure or plan this out. But I know you planned it out, you’re Class A Joe, Level 5 All Day! Damn, Joe, this really looks like shit. Oh, I’m sorry, am I allowed to be negative or criticize you? Good job, mocking someone with anxiety. You’re just checking off all the reasons I hate you. Joe, bookmark this recap, if you ever want to know why people don’t like you, I believe this will provide a great synopsis of why. “It’s not rocket science, but damn if that don’t look sharp.” It may as well be rocket science to you, since you did a shitty job of it. “You can’t even tell.” Couple things, I can tell from this distance there’s an issue and also, more importantly, Joe, people shower a few inches away from their shower walls, so it better look good up close. Fucking moron. And you’re so proud of yourself, aren’t you? The happiest little moron in VA. Conclusion I wrote a lot tonight 😊 I hope y’all like it. And, if you’d like to donate to a turtle charity, I went to: www.turtle-foundation.org. Also, I legit think this is the best slap in Joe’s face, ever.

Oh boy, we get another JDS video. I’m so excited! Non-sarcastically, I love that we have more people participating in the sub and a few Joe loyalists coming out of the woodwork. Obviously, we’d really love to see Joe himself come and engage with us, but I’ll settle for the loyalists for now. On that note, we need a Jersey B and Joe AMA, that’d be great! Post Video Aly I think Joe specifically designed the last five minutes of this video to give me a stroke. Jokes on you, I’m still alive, hurt, but alive! Intro/At the Flip “This took me 8 hours to do” Ooh, I love guessing games! Button up 36in waist pants? Do a connect-the-dots puzzle that went up to 100 dots? Don’t keep me in suspense! “Damn, I’m a little winded already.” God, these things just write themselves, don’t they? I’m shocked. What the actual fuck?! You’re starting your video without being in the truck? Fuck you! Don’t you break from the proud Guerrero tradition of driving and rambling. Also, you’re winded for loading four boxes. How did you ever expect to run a moving company? “Try and dry-fit it a little bit.” That’s how you know you have an inconsiderate partner, right there. Don’t ever do that. More panting is going on in the first minute of this video than at an hour long porno filming. Tile story time! Come gather round children and Joe will tell us a tail! “Like I said, I would end up getting email confirmation…” Joe, you obviously confused yourself and edited something out. Well, you edited, so good job. I’d give you a cookie, but you don’t need one. I’ll compromise and give you some celery and peanut butter. I love Joe’s stories, they’re not even remotely believable. According to Joe, someone just jumped in his face and said, “Excuse me sir, I need to log into the computer first.” After Joe says, “I’m here for a pickup order.” As someone who’s worked customer service when I was in high school and college, let me tell you what actually happened, based on his own words before this. They’re busy, they open a register and just because someone was behind it, Joe steps up and says something rude, it’ll be along the lines of, “yo, I’m here to pick up this order rightchere!” Without letting her get set up. Instead of just calmly waiting in line, Joe jumped in and now gets mad that someone didn’t immediately jump to obey him. And what’s Joe’s reaction? Well, he WANTS to say, “The fuck you just say to me?” Why? Like, why is your first instinct to be a douche? And I love that you don’t even have the balls to say that, to go full Karen on them. This is why it’s a lie. Because had someone legitimately treated you that way, it would be understandable, not right, but understandable to have that kind of reaction. You’re on your channel trying to sound tough about how you wanted to respond to someone in the service industry. Damn, what a big, tough man you are. Jesus, “Why are you still talking? You’re simply the pilot.” I could really do a deep dive into the reasons why you feel the need to put down someone who, if we’re being honest, is on the lower end of the employment spectrum. Someone asked me why I don’t like Joe? It’s this kind of shit. Don’t punch down. You think it’s impressive to figuratively kick a store employee who’s just trying to get through their day? Fuck you. And by the way, you better learn some manners because when this fails, your wife leaves you and you’re inside a bankruptcy court, you’re going to be lucky to be working the counter at Lowes. You’re a fucking day laborer, at best, who thinks because the boss let him unlock the fence to the worksite one time, that you’re a general contractor. Fuck you for punching down. And Damen didn’t show up, so now I get to listen to him bitch about Damen. I mean, maybe it’s better than listening to his heartbreak over Matt? But not much. Joe, you’re such a whiny person, it’s really just sad at this point. Watching Joe struggle to tile and how to lay it is like watching Helen Keller try to do a jigsaw puzzle. Except I have respect for HK. How great would it be if he gets done with the wall and it just falls forward? I’d CashApp him some money for that entertainment. I can’t decide what exactly I’m looking at here, but it almost seems like either the wall is bowing out or Joe caked that stuff on super thick, it looks like it’s coming into the tub. Still complaining about Damen. “I haven’t even left the house today. I haven’t even had anything to drink but hose water.” Roll that beautiful bean footage! Looks like Joe installed a Starbucks in the flip, that’s how he’s going to be able to sell this for $265k. I’m going to have a stroke. I… Someone save me. Ok, breathe Aly, just breathe, calm blue ocean, Ferris wheels, true crime podcasts, go to your happy place… Here we go. “Let me say something real quick. And I want to make sure you hear what I’m getting ready to say.” K, pause right here, brace yourselves, good? Here we go. ”Don’t nobody care about your money, like you care about your money.” I could write a Ph.D thesis on Joe actually saying that. You… You have the balls to give out financial advice, when you are the poster child of what NOT to do with your money? Fucking hell. I’m dead. Fuck me, he’s still talking. “You should respect your money, appreciate it, be humbled by your money.” I… I just can’t. I, how, you know what, this has either proved that Joe is the most mentally deficient human being who has ever lived OR he’s a pure sociopathic narcissist. Because he’s legitimately telling us this with a straight face. I mean, he could be both, but still… “That’s why I’m here seven days a week, there are no off days until I get this bitch done.” I mean, I need a hug. ”Don’t nobody care about this house the way I care about it.” Please, send hugs, a blanket, love, anything. “I take pride in this thing, I take pride in this wall.” I feel like this was written just to hurt me. The irony is too much, the lack of self-awareness is too much. I can’t. I’ll be back in a minute. Ok, 30 minute phone call with one of my friends, ok, we can do this. 2 minutes. Why couldn’t you make it better because of how the wall is? It should be flat, it’s a wall. Maybe I was right and it is bowing out. “This house is probably going to be better than my house when all is said and done.” You know, that statement is stupid for a myriad of reasons, but it’s probably accurate. This house won’t have Joe in it, that’s an immediate value add. Conclusion I’m going for a quick run. I need to get the hell out and process what I just heard. I didn’t think it was possible for him to be more of an asshole and more delusional, but hey, never underestimate JPG!

It’s Monday and we’ve got a new JDS! I hope everyone had a good Halloween, got lots of candy and that your week got off on a good foot. Let’s be the opposite of Joe and get to work! Also, I’m sorry for the lack of a review yesterday, I hope this makes up for it. Intro We’re opening up in Joe’s fantasy world. Someone apparently rummaged through his truck, didn’t take anything, didn’t steal it (haha) or damage it. But he wants us to know that if he ever catches someone in his truck, he’ll hold court in the streets. I don’t get the obsession with trying to appear tough. Like, I’m not a confrontational person, not like that anyway, if I saw someone going through my car, I’d just call the cops. It’s different if you break into my house, I would say beware of my dog, but he’s such a sweetheart, he’d help them load my stuff in their car. When guys, well, when anyone, but it’s usually guys pose like this, it‘s so pathetic and the older and less likely they are to actually do something, the more pathetic it becomes. The comments are going in on Joe and saying that everything is Matt’s fault, blah, blah, blah. Well, I wonder why that would be? It’s not like you didn’t spend, I don’t know, two videos talking about him like he took you to prom, fucked you and didn’t call the next morning. Channel your inner Elsa and let it go. Again, saying he’s stressed out because he’s got everything on the line. 🤷🏻‍♀️ Is Joe having a stroke? I swear I just heard him say that the comments were right about a lot of things. Joe, go get yourself checked, I thought any criticism was a ticket to Bansville because only a DEMF would dare challenge your Class A-ness. “It’s been a little bit of a cluster.” “Hi, yes, it’s me, I’d like to submit Joe Guerrero’s statement for ‘Understatement of the Year’ consideration.” At the Flip Only Joe could make mud on walls look like a torture facility the CIA rents out for extraordinary rendition or whatever it was called. I feel like walking in there I’d need my pepper spray ready. I’m going to reiterate my stroke concerns. Joe’s goals for today are to prime the living room, install a vanity and do some upstairs bathroom work. These are reasonable goals and something he should be able to achieve. I’m scared, something’s not right in the universe if JPG is being reasonable. Oh goody, we’re going to actually get to watch this from a POV angle. POV: You’re an overweight, middle-aged man with an ego the size of Shaq’s shoe; and you’re about to have a heart attack from working. Joe’s wondering if it’s more cost effective to spray or roll paint. But he’s concerned that there’s so much prep for spraying and we know JPG ain’t got time for prep work. The only prep Joe’s familiar with is his prescription so he doesn’t need to ask Peaches to wear a condom. Joe’s got early stages of arthritis, so many handjob jokes… almost as many jokes as handjobs he’s given. And a toilet joke. Gross. I need a hug. This is my fave part where Joe preemptively responds to comments criticizing him, it’s kinda funny just how much we’re in his head. Course, it begs the question: if you can preemptively respond, that implies that you know what you’re doing is wrong, so why don’t you just do it correctly? Then you don’t want to worry about the DEMF-C, just a thought. “We all operate at a different speed and my speed is breakneck.” I think you meant to say that you operate on speed, but whatevs. Again, it’s amazing how, I don’t know, let’s try this, it’s amazing to see how ignorantly self-aware Joe is. And that may be a backhanded compliment, but it really is interesting. He seems able to diagnose himself at times and he knows what the comments will be (and he’s usually correct), yet he does nothing to correct, either through not knowing how to correct or an unwillingness. It’s fascinating to watch. “Not sure if you know, but I’m fat.” We noticed. ugh, too easy. Fuck it, I’ll leave it in. “What if I’m not able to do this type of work much longer.” Don’t worry, you won’t be having to work on any flip houses you own ever again. Or are you just playing this up for some kind of disability payout? Maybe the arthritis would be good for him, might permanently place his hands in prime jerkoff shape. Watching this at 1.5x and hearing Joe panting + the sound of the paint rolling really sounds like he’s blowing a guy. Lot of sex jokes in this one too. I probably need to get laid. Or it has to do with writing sex scenes this weekend in my newest smut story. 🤷🏻‍♀️ Dilemma Time I wonder what the dilemma will be, will it be balancing the need for public health and safety with individual liberty regarding vaccine mandates? (Not getting political, just poking fun at Joe) “Let’s address the elephant in the room.” I already am addressing you, Joe. Oh cute, Joe makes a penis size joke and tries to brag about his size. Joe, you do know that guys who are well-endowed pretty much never have to make those jokes, right? But, hey, if it makes you feel better, I’m sure that it’s always just a little too big for your partners. Tiny problem (haha, get it?) is that if you can actually turn someone on, you do know that women self-lubricate and, uh, it stretches. So did you just admit to failing to turn ANY of your partners on? This has been, “Aly really overanalyzes a throwaway line”. Ok, dick jokes aside. Did he seriously buy a vanity and tub without measuring? This is fucking awesome. They’re practically touching. It would be so claustrophobic to actually use that vanity and tub. Hell, if you stepped back too far, you’d fall into the tub. This is a Class A move. If only Joe had a permit and/or was an actual contractor or knew an electrician, he could move that outlet. Did he seriously try to make the case that the bathroom has now been improved because he removed the claw foot tub?! Ugh, I would KILL for a claw foot tub to relax in. God, I hate you. Also, I’m not seeing the “dilemma” here. The solution seems simple, hell, he even said it! Put a pedestal vanity in, maximize the space and call it good. Why is this a debate? I mean, it sucks that you bought the vanity without measuring, but, uh, deal? “It’s not until the end that you start to realize some of the issues you’re up against.” Pretty sure that most contractors or normal people would map out their bathrooms and take measurements before tearing out a tub and putting in a new tub and vanity, but I’m not a Class A. “Don’t just expect that it’s going to fit.” Right, you need to measure and plan. It’s like watching a 10 year old renovate a house. You know, for my day job, I built this workbook to automate our underwriting process and it pulls data from a couple of different places. But you know what I didn’t do? I didn’t just wing it and build something I wanted. I legit drew it out on my whiteboard, talked to other employees to get their opinions, created drafts and did ALL sorts of planning before I actually built it. And that’s a fucking Excel workbook. This is a god damn house you’re trying to sell for $300k, and you can’t be bothered to sketch out what you want the bathroom to look like? Those fixtures look so cheap and they’re too small for that vanity. Trash class hero. Joe just put the backsplash on… no one tell him that the cover over the outlet isn’t going to fit. The top of the backsplash is like 1/4 inch away from it. If only he had some money, he could go buy a smaller vanity that would work, oh well, guess that’s not in the cards for him. All of his cards are maxed. Post Dilemma And bringing up Matt. Again. I have a better question, why are you putting quarter round in the bathroom anyway? It looks so dated and out of place. “I’ve never coped anything” and yet most of what you do is to cope for your failings. “Two o’clock in the afternoon and I’m a failure at life.” Well, you said it, not me. But who am I to disagree with Class A Joe? And again more complaining about Matt. I feel bad for Matt, poor guy can’t catch a break from Joe. Also, Matt didn’t correct the one section of the floor being an inch below the rest of the floor. I’m gonna go out on a limb and say that’s not a quick fix and is probably indicative of a larger problem. Conclusion I’m sorry for not getting a review up yesterday. I think it’s gonna be sad when this is over and Joe is in bankruptcy court, I’ll have to pull a PACER report to share any of those details. Well, maybe, Joe will probably film his bankruptcy hearings. I love all y’all 💖 Happy Saturday! And since I’m the disappointing child who hasn’t given my parents grandchildren, I’m spending Saturday alone. Thankfully, no trick-or-treaters in my apartment complex so I get all this candy corn and candy pumpkins to myself. I hope all y’all being safe… now for the poster child of dangerous construction and content, time to watch the latest JDS! Intro Just jumping into giving me content are you, Joe? Is it because of the nice things I said about your door? “Starting off the morning winded.” You should probably get that checked, or run more, well, start walking and eating less trash. “Yeah, we’re flipping an entire house off of Craigslist and Amazon” I just figured it out! Holy shit, Joe and the flip are what you get if you order a Class A Contractor and flip house off of wish.com! You wouldn’t be breathing in dust if you wore a respirator, instead of your Dumbatello headband Joe’s going to start smoking again. If you wanted a perfect encapsulation of why Joe is the opposite of anything good and responsible, it’s this moment rightchere! When a normal person is having personal and professional struggles, they get reflective, they start doing little things to exert control over their lives. Like, there was a point when I was in my mid-20s where I was homeless (for all of a week) but when I got back in a house, I really had to examine my life and that’s when I started running. Joe’s solution to his problems? I should smoke. And now he’s worried about the camera. Anyone else think this is just him giving us a laundry list of his problems to justify him asking for money? He’s bitching about Lowes. This is really hitting hard, first Matt and now his relationship with Lowes is on the rocks?! I’d love to know the other side of this story about the guy not wanting to tint paint. Like, whenever has that happened, to anyone, ever. And Joe stole some lightbulbs (allegedly). Don’t you all go to Lowes when they do sample day? I went last week and they were giving out 6x2 inch strips of drywall. “Today’s not the day.” When are you ever in a good mood, Joe? Like, legit asking seriously. When are you happy? I don’t think you’re ever truly happy. I know I write these to pick at you and I get a chuckle out of doing and others do too, for some reason. But, sometimes, it’s just sad and I feel like I’m punching down. I’m sure this will change in 30 seconds when you do something awful. Wait, why would you EVER tint primer? I’m literally on the phone with my dad asking this question, his reply, “Sandra, leave that man alone.” At the Flip “We’re gonna clean upstairs.” After painting, he wants to clean. Brilliant. ROFL, Joe thinks that he needs to use MORE mud. Lowes has been jerking Joe for the last three days. Well, wherever you have to get it, I guess. Must be one of those pro contractor benefits. “I don’t think you’re going to stay up very long.” Gross, Joe. Please don’t talk about your junk. “Running in circles is what I feel like, or running in place.” The only cardio you get. On a serious note, you’d probably get more done if you had a plan. Write a plan, work the plan. It works, Joe. “It may not seem like we’re getting shit done.” Truer words were never spoken, I’m seriously confused as to what you do and what you spend your money on. Well, your wife’s money. Watching how angry Joe gets at the camera and yet hasn’t bought a mount for it is one of these insights into Joe that are just chef’s kiss delicious. You experience a problem, you know the solution, but you don’t implement it. The solution is ridiculously simple, but Joe won’t do anything, why? I think he WANTS things like this to be upset at. Because, if he’s constantly upset at these things, he never has to do anything, there’s always an excuse. Lunch Time Ugh, what a tease! “Let’s go over to the After Prison Show…” Damn, really thought he was going to respond to the DEMF-C. Guess we can’t get that lucky yet. Real question: how epic would it be if Joe actually did an AMA? Joe hasn’t had time to film APS vids? I really hate the fact that Joe tries to make himself seem busier than he actually is. I really want to know what his day looks like. Sure, you get up at 5 and are out of the house by 7. But then you’re done by 4. Your house is only like 6 miles from the flip, so it’s not like you have a super long commute. Sounds like APS is done. Joe hates the prison genre and what it’s become and he doesn’t understand it anymore. Probably because the creators evolved while you chose to stagnate. The thing is, you could probably pivot this into a discussion of crime, prison and rehab in the US. “I just hated the shit show and it was always a shit show.” Wonder why that is? “I like working. I like working hard. I like looking like I have been working hard. I like looking like I have a bag of 45 minute mud on me.” That’s pretty illuminating. Joe’s admitting that he enjoys the cosplay. I know, I know he said he likes working hard, I’m not taking him out of context. He was more excited to talk about how he looks and even moves the camera to show a white spot on his pants. It’s all about superficiality for him. Joe’s eating a plate of chicken tenders. I’ve never seen a man with such a disappointed look on his face after having some hot cock in his mouth. Why are you having to figure out what comes next after the flip. It was in the last video and it’s been your constant refrain that you’re going to make fat stacks on this house, why is there a need to do anything else? If the flip is going to make money, shouldn’t the next phase be spotting the next flip? I hope he’s not joking or just talking and he actually does try to do ASMR. What we should do is download a bunch of his videos, isolate him panting, smooth out the audio and put it over river and forest noises and do our own ASMR channel. Wouldn’t that be awesome if we used Joe’s voice and did better than actual Joe? He’s also going to try his hand at urban exploration. Well, at least there’s potential there. Back to the Flip He’s literally ranting about the primer again. I don’t understand why this was such an event. Like, if you ask someone to mix something for you and they say we can’t do it, you just have to say something like, “I know, it’s probably not something you do, but would you please do it for me? I’ll buy whatever you mix, it’s for a custom project and I need it mixed properly so that’s why I’m here.” Then, if they still give you shit, go get a manager. Why, why would you get mad? Because you WANT to be mad. Because you want to flex that you’re JPG, Class A and you need another thing to go wrong. And another domestic violence joke, classy. Here’s another riddle for you: why would Joe insist on paint brushes and rollers when you could rent a paint sprayer or buy one of those Wagner sprayers. Watching the camera fall over and over is kinda funny. This is great, so, let me get this right, you bitch at an employee to mix you some dark primer. Then, you put white over it and are shocked that it shows through. You don’t need to be Joestradamus to figure out how that’s going to end. Joe’s talking about running into Matt. Joe, let him go. You need to find a guy that treats you right. He was going to make up a story about running into him. Joe, keep your fantasies out of the videos. Oh and the turtle was an omen and things were fucked up since the turtle. Nope, was way before that. God, let it go Joe. Matt’s gone. Yeah, Joe, home buyer look for dark colors. God, these videos are so tedious. How is it I get more content out of your longer videos where you do NOTHING than I get from videos where you actually do stuff? That’s the Guerrero-Panda Paradox. And we’re done at 3:43. Yup, everything is on the line. Really acting like it. Conclusion I got nothing, I can feel the end rapidly approaching. I feel like Joe is really one or two bad interactions with Lowes before he absolutely loses it. The beast that is his true self is coming through more and more and I can’t wait for it to rear its head.

We made it! The last day of the flip! Oh, and also Friday. Today we have an extremely tired Panda trying to stay awake long enough to get this out to y’all. Long live the DEMF-C! Funny aside, I use “DEMF” enough to that Apple automatically capitalizes it for me. Alright, let’s do this! Intro These thumbnails look more and more like contractor-themed porno movies. We’ve got Joe on his hands and knees and some burly guy in the background; who appears to be reading some kind of manual. And I’ve now also got Fleetwood Mac in my head, thanks to the title. I’m already confused. Joe orders tile from the wrong store, can’t find it locally, so he cancels the order? Why would you ever turn down a chance to drive to a Lowes? Joe, don’t do this, you’re scaring me. You and avoiding work by going to Lowes are like chocolate and peanut butter. Little known APS fact, “Chocolate and Peanut Butter” was what Peaches and Joe called themselves. Joe now has three of things, sander, shop vac, etc. Is he going to make Damon sand with both hands? “We’re go fix the Matt mistakes or the mistakes of Matt.” Pretty dark way to tell us you’re gonna kill yourself. You were the one who hired him, fired him, re-hired him, demoted him, gave him a raise and then fired him. Shit’s on you, Joe. Considering you’re complaining about $250 at Lowes, to buy stuff you don’t need, you could just take me up on my offer and admit something was your fault and I’ll send you $500. But we all know that won’t happen, you’ll go bankrupt before you admit to any wrongdoing. At the Flip Classy, trying to do, some kind of mentally disabled/Canadian accent. Let it never be said that Joe isn’t the most professional person on YouTube. Someone was saying I really wanted Joe to fail or I was thirsty for it. It’s things like that, that’s why I want his demise to come. It’s shitty behavior like that. Listening to Joe destroy Fleetwood Mac 🥺 Did any of you see the American Horror Story: Coven series? The one witch was super into Fleetwood Mac. Kinda wish she would show up and turn him into a frog. Make it stop. This is good content. I’m watching someone do grout removal but not showing me the removal of the grout. Instead it looks like you’re humping the floor. “This tool works way better than this tool so far.” And they both work better than the tool using them. Ugh, this is gonna get deep. He’s still going on about Matt and his lies, over and over again. I have an idea why. I think Joe is mad that Matt does what Joe does: overestimate/lie about his abilities, scam people and cost people money. Joe realizes this and the similarities between the two so he has to try and shift blame and focus to Matt. Joe hates Matt so much because Joe hates himself, more than anyone. Well, addendum to my previous theory of Joe hating Matt because he hates himself. He’s acting like a jilted lover. “I wonder who Matt’s working for this morning, and what lies he’s telling them.” Joe couldn’t be crushing harder on him without wearing an “I ❤️Matt” t-shirt and listening to Taylor Swift. To Matt, “You should feel ashamed for taking this money I’m about to pay you for today.” Lot to unpack there. Why would you pay him? I mean, it’s not like he can really say anything about it. And if he’s costing you so much money, bill him for it and take it out of his last check. Secondly, Joe, do you ever feel ashamed for any of the ad revenue or money your followers give you? Because your content is the equivalent of Matt’s tile work. And lastly, of course you say this now, you can’t confront him, but you want to act tough. It’s sad. “No one will be able say that Joe didn’t leave it all in the grout.” Um, yeah, we can. You work until 3 in the afternoon, you don’t hire professionals, you don’t act professional, you hire sketchy workers and refuse to fire them when they do poor work, you fail at making a budget and sticking to it, you fail at prioritizing jobs and purchasing equipment. If this is you leaving it all out there, then that’s more sad and pathetic than I thought. “I want this thing to be right and whatever it takes, dammit, we’re gonna do it.” I love the way you sound almost sincere. But hey, I’m sure the captain of the Titanic said, “Dammit, we’re gonna at least do the evacuation right!” “I’ve got no idea” That’s pretty obvious. Can’t you watch a TikTok on how to do this? If I was going to lie about having my Class A Contractor’s license, I’d want to make sure I could do basic things before filming them. “I apologize for my amateur hour technique here.” Why start now? Are you turning over a new leaf again? “I don’t want to keep finger fucking this thing.” Do I call out the blatant sexist attitude, the dehumanization of half the population or just how gross it is to hear Joe, or any man, say, “finger fucking”. You know what? It’s Friday, it’s all of the above. “How’d I do, only second time grouting.” I bet if you did more work around your flips, you would make more money and develop skills… hmm, you could then… do… stuff. Like, Joe does stuff… I must be high. Lunch Time And he’s back to eating on camera. I hate life. “You’re right, I probably do complain about him quite a bit, but not no more, not no more.” points to the first half of today’s video and your passive-aggressive complaining And then proceeds to tell us about another fantasy conversation. Gross. I don’t need to hear about you and your bucket. Maybe I’m just spoiled that I’ve never really dealt with guys or people like this, but is this how people talk? Like, ew. Back to the Flip “Still not done with mud, this primer coat is showing quite a bit.” Didn’t someone explain that the reason you don’t use mud the way Joe does is because, unless it’s perfect, the primer and paint will show every imperfection? Huh, looks like another point for the DEMF-C. It’s almost like Joe isn’t really a Class A, Level 5 drywall god… I’m as shocked as the rest of you. More talking about Matt, “It’s sorta like a bad breakup.” Poor Joe got his heart broken by his Matt. I’m sorry honey, we can go get some ice cream and talk about it, if you want? What’s your breakup ice cream Joe? I bet you’re a Double Chocolate Chunk kinda girl. “Almost like an abusive relationship, but I wasn’t the abuser.” I know, honey, nothing is ever your fault. It’s just the whole wide world is against you. We all have meetings each day about how we can all mess with you and rip away your dreams of success. And if it weren’t for the DEMFs of the world, you’d be king of a house flipping/rent-to-own moped empire, right? You poor thing. “This dude was beating the hell out of my pockets.” Seems pretty consensual to me. Since you want to keep with the relationship analogy. He kept coming back and you kept paying and saying, “Thank you sir, may I have another.” Yeah Joe, you keep making light of domestic abuse. Again, this is why I’m “thirsty for his downfall.” He’s a horrible human being. Conclusion Joe, I know you hate Matt right now, but there will be other guys. Take some time for yourself, watch Thelma & Louis, A League of their Own or Riding in Cars with Boys and treat yourself.

It’s Friday Eve and I’m sober and have been neck deep in spreadsheets and reporting all day. You know what I need? I need to see a hardworking man setting his mind to things and achieving them. I need to watch someone build and create something, real salt of the Earth type. But… if that’s what I was going to watch, I’d check out Bobby Duke Arts, instead, I’m here with JPG. cries a little inside Intro “How to Get Fired Twice.” I don’t know, maybe keep doing shoddy work or work that’s not up to your “standards”? I’m so torn, I think Matt probably isn’t very good at his job, but then again, neither is Joe. And Joe’s too cheap to hire good help. Ok, let’s jump in. Oh, Joe’s broke, gosh, who called that, months ago btw? Actually, we all did, haha, DEMF Confederacy with the predictions coming through! I really need to finish my budget analysis of the flip house. I’m sorry that I haven’t gotten to it, my day job has me building out a lending department, so I get swamped and it keeps getting pushed back. I’m sorry, tomorrow I’ll have it done! And you know what, “this house has cost everything.” And I’m beating this dead horse like Joe beats off meat in the prison showers, but YOU DON’T FUCKING ACT LIKE IT!! Until you actually act like everything is on the line, shut the fuck up. Fucking hell. This is why I hate you Joe, right here, you talk and talk and talk but you never back it up with any fucking actions. Tell you what, take out a life insurance policy, kill yourself and free your wife from the gigantic anchor that is JPG. He’s at $36.9k, liar. My number, preliminary, is higher. I think the only numbers of Joe’s that are higher than mine are cholesterol and blood pressure. An easy joke to make would be his sperm count but I’m pretty sure we’re tied at 0. You’re going to spend $42k? Hmm, puts the cost-basis of this project at $193k and change. Good fucking luck breaking even. And by the way, (oh fuck, Aly is on fire, we’re only 39 seconds in), what did you GET with that $42k? You haven’t even painted a fucking room. Was it worth it? Like, how in the name of ALL that is good, right and holy in this world, can you spend $36.9k on a house and have not painted a single room? I joke about this, but god damn, Joe, you are impressive. You manage to find new ways to fail. It’s astounding. “We’re so close to being done” Is there another house that we don’t get to see? Cause, like, uh, Joe, you’re not close to ANYTHING, other than a heart attack. “Things just aren’t moving fast enough” Nope, not gonna make the fat joke. “We can only go as fast as the drywall mud will allow us.” I might have a fucking stroke. Let me get this right, you insist on putting coat after coat of mud on drywall (which, hang on, I’ve NEVER fucking seen, like EVER. In fact, I asked my dad about this and showed him these videos and he has no clue why Joe is using so much mud) but you don’t use fans/blowers, you don’t turn the heat on, you do NOTHING to speed up the process and come on here and bitch that it’s not your fault. Tell you what Joe, I will Zelle/Venmo you $500 right now if you tell me when ANYTHING is your fault. Take accountability for ANYTHING and I’ll pay you. OMFG. Bottle of Rum has entered the chat “There are days where we’re held up entirely by the drywall mud, waiting for that to dry.” I’m going to die from alcohol poisoning tonight. Yeah, you’re just sitting around jerking off, watching it dry and not doing anything else? Because there’s nothing else in that house that needs to be done, right? We’re just waiting on paint and then you’re done? The fuck is wrong with you? I swear to god, how can you be this fucking dumb. I mean, this is next level retardation. Ok, calm down Aly, take a drink, relax, you’re going to kill yourself and you’re not even at the two minute mark. “What can you do, you know?” I don’t know, what could you possibly have done to avoid this situation? Gosh, can’t think of anything. “We’re going to see a great profit off this house and it’ll all be worth it.” Not gonna happen. See my last two analyses for more reasons why. Or, if you don’t want to look that up, remember this is the house that Joe built, that’s all the reason you need for why this will fail. I’m going to put my money where my mouth is: that house sells for $250 or more, I will donate $250 to a turtle rescue charity and post the receipt to the subreddit. Fuck, I’m gonna be drunk soon. “I’ve learned so much throughout this.” Name one thing you’ve learned? “Trying to budget, trying to plan, trying to organize.” Again, you failed miserably at all of these things. cries in my six sigma certification Leaving from Lowes “They have pissed me off this morning.” Well, guess Lowes and I have something in common. He’s mad about not finding a flat cart… I’m going to eat my feelings. I need to UberEats something. Wow, Joe be dropping life lessons: get to the store early and they’ll probably have everything you need. Gosh, no way! Silly me, I’ve been trying to remodel a house but I start my day at 5pm and they never have what I need. I’m such a moron. You think that because you left one sheet that they won’t have any more? Do I need to explain JIT logistics to Joe? Wait, no, I can’t, I don’t have any pretty pictures. Poor Joe is stuck in traffic, nothing is ever his fault. No wonder the flip can’t be done on time and under budget. Joe wants to start going up to people with lower end cars/vehicles and patronizingly ask what they do for a living. Fuck you. Fuck everything about you. You’re no fucking better than them, in fact, you’re worse. You drive a 13 year old, piece of shit, bro-dozer. You’re the embodiment of toxic masculinity with the added irony of the fact that you’re not even masculine. You can’t get a woman pregnant, you’re fat, your grooming is atrocious, drop the act, it’s just cause you’re lazy, you’re fucking broke and you’re trying to flip a house for more than 30% over what the market supports. But please, go up to the person trying to hustle and grind and act like you’re better than them. Fuck you. Always gotta punch down, don’t you Joe? You fucking coward. At the Flip I need a hug. “I’m going to mud everything that needs to get mudded.” Why do you need mud? I really don’t get this. I’ve hung drywall before and we never did this. Primer and paint, dumbass. Ugh, just finished glass of rum number 1. You know, I don’t really enjoy rum but I have friends who do, so I keep a bottle stocked here. I feel like I repeat myself a lot. But Joe, if you don’t like the job Matt is doing, and I can’t believe I’m going to say this because I hate this saying, but MAN THE FUCK UP and fire him. Stop being such a little poser bitch and tell him to get the fuck out. Why you can’t do this is beyond me. You’d think the fact that “everything is on the line” and “I’m broke” would be sufficient motivation for you to, what was it you said and kept saying? Oh, yeah, BE A BOSS. “That’s got me mad as fuck right there.” Still not mad enough to fire Matt and hire a real Class A person to do it. But, maybe you’ll get there. Maybe hitting rock bottom this time will actually impart some wisdom on you. And Joe’s learning that labor is expensive, duh. That’s why Joe, most house flippers, do stuff themselves. They don’t have to pay themselves a wage. Maybe, if you learned something, you could save money by doing it yourself. Oh, wait, no, you just wanna flash that wad of cash around and have people work for you. How’s that going? Thank you for confirming my earlier rant, that you have yet to complete a single room. Fucking amazing. I feel like I could devote an MBA level course to you Joe, I’d feel that your indignation might be justified if you were doing everything correctly, or at least, attempting to. Instead, you’re throwing mud at the walls, trying to see what sticks. You refuse to take any advice from anyone but the voices in your head. You refuse to change course when anyone can see what you’re doing isn’t working. So, you know what, I hope you’re pissed off, I hope it angers you, good. This is one of those life lessons and it’s amazing to watch life bitch slap you. And, instead of you walking around, shaking your head and giving the camera exasperated looks, why don’t you, and I know this will be revolutionary, but you could WORK. Or, you could do stuff. That’s a good name for a channel where a guy does stuff. Have to write that down. Lunch Time “The boss he don’t take no lunch.” Oh, did you hire a contractor to tell you what to do? Yeah, you can call yourself a boss, but when it comes to acting like one, you a bitch. “I’m still one the fence about firing this dude.” Fuck off. Are you a boss or not? Are you able to make decisions or not? Because if you’re broke and everything is on the line, you better make some decisions and quickly. You better learn, which, considering you spent a minute bitching about costs of labor, you better learn that you need to make these decisions quickly because time is money and the more time you spend dicking around, the more money you lose. “How you burn through an entire bag of grout?” Is Matt Joe’s alter ego? Does Matt even exist? Serious question, because Matt burns through bags of grout, Joe burns through bags of mud. Match made in heaven. But he’s still not going to fire him. Jesus tap dancing Christ. You can’t make this stuff up. If I just posted this review without the video, no one in the DEMF Confederacy would believe me. They’d think I’d gone insane. Wait, better question: is Matt a member of the DEMF-C? I mean, this is too funny, I’m finally laughing (or the rum is kicking in) but this is awesome. “Don’t open the vanity.” Matt opens the vanity. This is great. Now he’s using a leaking bucket and is spreading water throughout the house. I ❤️ Matt! I’d like to ask for a vote to make him an honorary Captain in the DEMF-C “Everything he touches, he just seems to fuck up.” Hang on, back to my theory that Joe and Matt are the same person. You know, the first part of this video was soooo fucking rough, but now? OMG this is awesome, I love this. Or I’m drunk already, I haven’t eaten since breakfast. OMG and it was so good. If you have a Chick-Fil-A near you, go get an Egg White Grill Combo, with hash browns and a Diet Dr. Pepper and a Chicken Biscuit, OMG soooo good. It’s under 1k calories and will keep you full the whole day. Just a ton of protein and deliciousness. Firing Matt I think it’s incredibly telling that Joe has to put on a show to fire Matt. He even does a stupid Captain Morgan like pose. It’s all cosplay with Joe. The tool belt, the flannel shirt, the posing, all if it, is just theater and not good theater either. I think we just figured out why Joe’s growing out his beard, he wants to be like Matt. That’s so cute! I really think they could be a great couple, both colossal fuckups. Their power couple name could be MoJoe! AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA OMG I just had the best thought. Joe’s in there, yelling at Matt, “This is shit work, blah, blah, blah.” Now, we know Joe can’t do confrontation, I wonder if he’s just reading our comments about Joe’s work to Matt. AHAHAHAHAHAHA, fucking awesome! Yeah, the longer this goes on, Joe’s just reading comments to him. There’s no way Joe has ever said, “attention to detail” in his life. Is he really giving him another chance? I got nothing. Like, wow. What a fucking waste of flesh. This is why, Joe. This rightchere is why no one respects you. “I don’t feel like doing it, it stresses me out.” AHAHAHAHAHAHA I love Matt, this is great. “You probably thought that was cringe” no more than the rest of this channel. “There’s no smooth way to tell someone…” Actually, Joe, there is. You say, and save this and re-read it if you need to, “Matt, I am unhappy with your work. This is unsatisfactory and I’ve been more than patient with you. I don’t expect greatness, but I expect good. You’ve failed to deliver, thank you for the help you did provide but you need to leave.” Pretty fucking easy. What I suspect is that Joe means there’s no smooth way to yell at him and rip him to pieces without looking like a petulant child. And Joe, there’s not. Fuck me, how much longer do I have? 10 minutes? Fuck me again. I do love listening to Joe say this stuff isn’t hard, yet he’s never seen doing any of this “easy” work. Because, again, Joe, you just want to be a baller and throw money at your problems. Except, and you shouldn’t need the reminder, spoiler alert, you’re not a baller anymore. You never really were. Oh, you made $2-400k in a year, big fucking deal. That’s not baller money. That’s a comfortable life in a nice suburb where your kind aren’t allowed in. You’re ranting that Matt was lying to you, that it was all bullshit. Fucking karma, huh? It must suck to run into a version of yourself and get taken by him. For three weeks, you paid him more than $20/hour when you had example after example of his terrible work. And what did you do? You fired him, rehired him, demoted him, gave him a raise and then put up with him until today. Again, this is why you’re not respected. “Dudes be faking” and yet, again, you were taken. For someone that claims to be a BOSS, someone who claims to be street smart, you’re a fucking moron. And another excuse, “It we don’t get the house done it’s because I’m down a guy.” Nope, that’s the least of your worries. But hey, whatever helps you sleep at night. Again, my offer stands, $500 for you to tell me when something is your fault. “I’m mad at myself that it took me so long to realize he’s not quality.” Except, Joe, you did know early on. You fired him early on. You knew. You just put up with it because you decided to gamble that you could stumble across the finish line with him, sell the house and it’d be ok. And, like all your gambling, it failed. A real business owner, someone who knows what they’re doing would’ve gotten rid of Matt and stuck with their decision, but you, Mr. Class A, Mr. Level 5 (side note: how do those words feel now, fucker?), you couldn’t make a decision and stick with it. Even with everything on the line. I hope it burns. I hope the failure in which you’re drowning burns and i hope you choke on it. Because, at the end of the day, it was YOU who was captain of the Titanic and YOU decided to ram into the iceberg. ‘Finishing’s not even hard.” Well, ask your wife about that. Also, again, if it’s so easy, why don’t you do it? “I ain’t doing this for any kind of bragging rights.” Well, nothing to brag about, but you’re still lying. You’re trying to flex and it’s sad. Like the 50 year old guy at the bar hitting on the college woman, it’s sad and pathetic. You’ve peaked, decades ago. And Joe, what was your peak? Being a prison bitch for Peaches. Not even being a king pin, you were a street level dealer. That’s the equivalent of the person on the phone who takes orders for infomercials at night. That’s your peak, a minimum wage job that high school kids do. You’re truly a sad, pathetic excuse for a human being. Conclusion This may have been the most painful JDS I’ve endured and yeah, this was endurance. But, despite all of that, Joe is miserable and that makes me just a little bit happier.

Sorry, sorry for the delay, fucking Zoom work happy hour… so, that means: Drunken Panda!!! Tonight’s drink of choice? Captain Morgan’s Private Stock because when i want a man inside me, I want a fancy man! Wait, what? Ok, let/s do this Intro “The Turtle was a sign?” The fuck? I’m 0 seconds in and confused. And now i have Ace of Bass stuck in my head. Ugh, ok, powering through. “I can’t see a fucking thing” cue the wiper noise. Does someone wanna tell him that the wipers wipe the outside? Naw, this is too funny. The best part about Joe filming this early? I don’t have to see him! Yay, wins all around! “Are we gonna get this joint done?” Probably, will it be any good? Nope. Fucking psychic over here, i can read Joe’s future like a fucking book Can i give some advice to the guys here? Like, beards can be attractive (I know, why take advice from the gay?) but they can be, Al Borland was legit one of my crushes when I was a teenager. Where was I? Oh, yeah, Joe. Like, pretty much if you don’t have one of those patchy, ugly beards, any dude can pull off a beard and if you groom it, looks great. Joe, do that. You’re hideouser To the Flip AAAHHH fuck, Joe, you gotta stop doing this. But for the folks playing along at home, this is the face of Joe as he: Tries to understand the inspector’s notes on why Flip 3 failed inspection Joe trying to fill out a welfare registration form after bankruptcy and the divorce takes everything The face of a man who is a failure at everything he does and will soon be back in prison where he belongs All of the above Make sure to leave your answer in the comments below. Hit that like and subscribe buttons, wait, sure, why not? I should start my own YouTube channel, drunk something? I don’t know. Fuckkkkk So, you’re setting up with the plan that Matt’s gonna be there? I got a crazy idea, WHY DON’T YOU JUST FUCKING DO STUFF? THAT’S THE NAME OF THE FUCKING CHANNEL God, I’m so pissed off “You can’t probably tell, this thing is so crooked” oh, you were talking about the door, my bad, thought you were being self-reflective, carry on “I’m guessing that was done because of how crooked the ceiling is” um, if the ceiling is crooked, that’s bad. Fucking hell, how, how are you this dim? Like, are you trying to be dumber each video to piss me off? How about you don’t sell a house with a crooked ceiling? I should be a Class A And are we doing anything about the wave in the ceiling? Nope! But remember, especially that dumbass who was arguing with me earlier, yeah, Joe’s gonna make $300k on this, wavy ceilings, that’s just a postmodern interpretation of the way the upper class rolls over the lowers, yeah, that sounds good. Wanna know how Aly got her degree>? Wrote brilliant things like that lol “I’d rather have the door frame straight.” Yeah, i decided how Joe’s gonna make his money, i figured it out!!! He’s gonna turn this into one of those optical illusion houses that charge tourists like $20 to walk through. Maybe Joe can install some funhouse mirrors so he looks thin? Joe’s mad that not everyone was sucking him off about the door. It’s not enough you got a compliment from me? I’m hurt “What if a child goes head first into the door, Joe?” Ok, paused right here. Now, this is one of those things that you should edit out. Because, and I pinkie promise I haven’t watched further, no matter what you say besides, “that’s a good point, I’ll find a workaround” is going to make you seem like an asshole, well, wait, you are an asshole, it’ll just confirm it. “that’s like doomsday” someone clip this portion so we can message it to him, tweet him or DM him on IG when he gets hit with a lawsuit. I can’t feel my toes fucking way tooo drunk “We take old windows and turn them into things.” Fucking pro opening to a business plan right there, i sooooo want to tour this house when it goes up for sale, better yet, i wanna be there for the open house, just playing the flip playlist on my iPad for everyone to watch. Wait, can id o that? I think i can, I’ve got pto “I’m into this whole old windows into something type of an idea.” Is Joe going to think he invented upcycling? Great, now I’m watching joe show me his Pinterest… joe, you’re not hot enough for me to pay attention to your Pinterest next! “Do we do the food truck or old windows repurposed as expensive things?” Why does it matter? You’re just going to fail at it. Personally, i feel like there’s less lawsuit potential and more chances for me to make reviews mocking you if you go the upcycling route, but you do you, boo Yeah, he def needs to do the window thing, this is the look of my 14 year old cousin trying to show off his “art” and how revolutionary it is. It’s not, it’s a condom and a tampon stapled to a red piece of canvas, it’s not subtle, Trent, it’s not subversive, it just pisses me off that you went into my bag without my permission, this is why you’ll be a barista your whole life. His aversion to that idea is that wood prices are high so you’d have to sell it high and people might not buy it? Did Joe just figure out cost of good sold and how it impacts revenue? Wow. Turtle Hang on, i need to think, so, you kill a turtle. But you choose to open this segment with a “joke” about you leaving from Lowes, you follow it up with your “witty” response to some guy about the weather and then you segue into how you feel terrible about killing a turtle. Fuck you. K, so, either you didn’t kill a turtle, which i hope you didn’t. I’m such a softie when it comes to animals. Or, you did and you’re trying to mimic normal human emotions. I bet it’s the latter. Because Joe, you lack all empathy, you’re a sociopath and take advantage of those less fortunate and i can’t wait until your heart clogs up and i get to dance on your grave. Yeah you sound really messed up. You disgusting fuck/ It’s not often i see something that really fucking pisses me off, but being so callous about killing an animal is one of those things. And you know what, turtles aren’t fucking hard to spot, you weren’t paying attention and now you’re trying to fake grief for what? Some sympathy? Fuck you, I just hope the turtle didn’t suffer. And then “On the plus side” did something in that cholesterol soaked brain of yours tell you it was time to move on? That you’d faked emotions long enough? Lunch Another $800 worth of stuff, fuck, i need to finish the budget calculations. Fuck me. Think my manager would give me a half day? “I wanna start addressing a couple of comments” Bet he won’t address anything from the DEMF Confederacy… God, this is gross, I’m gonna watch him EAT and jerk himself off, fuck me. Where’s my rum? I need to go to the liquor store but my license is expired and i have like no other form of ID “Make it sound like I’m some horrible person” you are. Next “We’re not skimping one materials” the only thing you’re not skimping on is mud. “Granite would’ve been $5,000 easily” Aren’t you selling this for $300k? Gotta spend money to make money Whoever said Joe is eating on camera as a way of flirting with me, gross lol “Should have tempered glass, doesn’t say they must.” Famous last words I love that Joe’s body language is the most honest thing about him. He’s slumped over, letting his gut hang out, he’s scratching his hair like he’s a monkey looking for fleas. This is the portrait of a man with no pride left. He doesnt’ care about anything because he legitimately doesn’t care because life has beaten him down. He knows he’s just whistling past the graveyard at this point. But don’t worry Joe, once you get arrested, you can go find yourself another Peaches to turn you out. “Some videos are definitely going to be more exciting than others.” Point to one that was exciting. Joe’s teasing that he’s not going to show us what he’s doing. Aww, honey, we know you hired a contractor to clean up your mess, it’s ok. You know what, you go ahead and film it and we’ll humor you. Well, I won’t, but your army of mouth breathing fucktards probably will. End of Day “Sometimes you can bitch for a reason that’s not really all that big of a reason” but you’ve somehow made a career out of that, well, for now at least “I feel like that was a moment of growth, I share that with you guys not because I’m trying to be like Billy Badass or anything like that, I don’t wanna be nothing like that.” Ugh, says the “man” that claims to be tough, to be a BOSS, you know, Joe, people who are badass never have to tell the rest of us. You’re a fucking poser. And you know what else, fuck you for trying to act like you not snapping over stupid stuff is some kind of accomplishment. You’re 40 years old. Most of us learn those lessons in our late teens, early twenties. I get that you’re retarded, but you bragging about basic social skills is like me bragging that I tied my shoes this morning. It’s expected of me. Can someone copyright claim him for butchering a song? “Learn. Grow. Do better” I think you’ve got the “grow” down. These jokes are so easy to write sometimes. Conclusion I’m fucking drunk! I love each and every one of the DEMF Confederacy 💖 <— see, i love y’all that much, y’all get sparkle hearts

It’s not everyday that we are blessed with greatness. It’s not everyday that we get to see someone live their dream and make the world a better place, but, today is that rare day when we get to see that. I, of course, am talking about none other than Joseph P Guerrero II, Class A Contractor and humanitarian. At the Flip Fuck me. I had this idea that I was going to try and do a positive review and then I get nearly 10 seconds of Joe’s nose. Nope, not gonna do that. But, I am gonna leave in the first paragraph. Ugh, guys like Joe are so fucking gross. I’m kinda off my game, this video isn’t starting with Joe riding to Lowes. Weird. “We’re taking the day off today, haha, I’m kidding.” Is that humor? Why would it be funny? See, Joe, this is the problem: we’re used to you being lazy, so you HAVE to add “I’m kidding” in order for the joke to work. And, well, Joe, that joke was like you: it doesn’t work. And, thirdly, you’re a joke too! See how my writing works on multiple levels while you can’t even walk up two levels without being winded? Oh snap, someone’s wordplay is on point today. I bet that mud would dry faster if Joe tried to talk sexy to it. Worth a shot Joe, every moment counts, right? Go whisper to that mud all the things you want to do to it and it’ll dry up quickly. Serious commentary: I bet it’d dry faster if there wasn’t an inch of mud under it, you dumb mudder fucker. More blue collar cosplay. Joe, if you actually work hard, you never have to tell people you work hard. I’ve never had a manager ask me why I wasn’t working hard, probably because, unlike. your wife when you rub that bloated carcass on her, flop around for 30 seconds and roll off, unlike your wife, I finish. “Just wet it and hope it comes off easy.” I didn’t think I’d make so many sex jokes, but considering sex with Joe is a joke, here we are. Joe, we don’t need to know your “technique.” Keep it to yourself, I already feel bad enough for your wife. Raney, girl, you can do better than Joe. Go troll the local homeless shelter, get you a man where “flipping houses” will mean upgrading to a double-walled cardboard box. Wait, let me get this right, Joe has Matt grout the bathroom, but doesn’t give him the sealer. Then says Matt should’ve known better. Ok, fine, but, um, aren’t you THE BOSS? Shouldn’t you just say, “Hey, here’s some grout and sealer, go.”? Don’t try and act so high and mighty, the only high and mighty things about you are your blood pressure and how annoying you are. “I’ll let you guys figure out who did the scraping.” Damon, what do I get for a prize? “Whoa, almost fell.” I couldn’t get that lucky. And poor Raney, you know she’s cashing that insurance check every time he goes up those stairs. “Look at that bowed little ceiling.” Can someone explain that to me? That’s from water damage right? “This next week is going to be a lot of painting, sanding, mudding and buttoning up.” Ah yes, just need to button it up… Joe, that’s the equivalent of buttoning up a pair of pants, well, that don’t exist. Whatever, they can’t all be gold. Conclusion I hate when these videos are short. His videos are so devoid of content, but there’s usually plenty of nothing for me to work with. This was just a micro dose of nothing. Oh well, I hope it was funny at least.

Well, Joe be working on a Sunday, posting mediocre content while the DEMF Confederacy relaxes. I wonder if this recap will be lazier or more vitriolic since I just posted the Malice review. Ok, let’s do this, gin in hand, even though it’s not even 3. Intro “Look what we found in the flip house” was it a talented contractor? Probably not. Betting now it’s a pair of panties and, like all 12 year old boys, he’s going to be giggly about it. Oh, before I begin, “HGTV ain’t got NOTHING ON ME” You get Alonzo’s words out your mouth! Does someone want to tell Joe about double negatives? Naw, no need to crush his spirit this early, haven’t even started watching the video. The focus today will include the mantle, why can’t he just tear it out? There’s gotta be the apocalypse coming, brace yourselves, “I’m trying to get better about making realistic goals for the day. I think, you know, something that discourages me, to a certain degree, maybe gets me bent out of shape, is when we don’t accomplish what I set out to get done for the day.” Is this, self-reflection? Is this Joe realizing it’s a good idea to be realistic? HAHA, gotcha! Because before that, he listed off three things he wanted to get done today, none of which are minor (at least to Joe). “However, I realize that my eyes are larger than my stomach in a lot of regards.” Sometimes these write themselves. “Ultimately, there’s only so much time in a day.” Yes, but you end your workday at 3:30. I’d buy this more, well, I wouldn’t buy it, but you’d get me closer to buying it if you actually worked until 5 or 6, 6 or 7 days a week. I mean, let’s just say your workday starts when you wake up at 5, you’re still only putting in 10 hours a day, maybe 11. You’re not pushing yourself so hard that you can’t do everything you want. I think you could get everything you wanted done if you actually put in the kind of hours the people you’re cosplaying as, actually do. To the Flip! Er, to Lunch I’m gonna start leaving these errors in, he promised the flip and now I’m watching him pour a Mountain Dew. He really is great motivation for me to run. He’s eating crawfish pie. “My wife be cookin’! She be making some food!” I’m giving 3 to 1 odds that Raney has a few million in life insurance polices on Joe and is just killing him with food. #RespectTheHustle. Adding further fuel to that conspiracy fire is the size of the portions she’s making him. For some reason, the song “Cell Block Tango” from the musical, Chicago comes to mind, no idea why… God, we’re only 20 seconds into lunch, but, “Crawfish Pie is:” What Joe calls Raney’s vagina A dish created on a dare and Joe is dumb enough to eat The thing Joe will be found dead, facefirst in when the stress of Flip 3 failing hits him No wrong answers. I have a feeling Joe is only eating because he knows it grosses me out. Fuck it, I’ll respond to that. Joe, you know, you eating like that and showing the world just how uncouth of a manchild you are doesn’t hurt me, you know that right? Like, all I do is minimize the video while I type up the review. Wow, Aly feels fancy today, let’s see, we’ve got a book review up which referenced “Catcher in the Rye,” a reference to the musical “Chicago” and now I’ve used the word, “uncouth”. Let’s try for a pre-1800 historical reference before the end of the video. “We’re trying to push almost $300,000 for this house…” First good laugh of the day. Not even gonna argue with him, go for it Joe. I’ll Venmo you $100 if that house sells above $230k. Joe’s talking about him spending good money on wood for around the mantle. Wait, he’s jerking himself off while eating crawfish pie. That’s Joe’s lovemaking summed up in one of the most disgusting ways imaginable. (Who am I kidding? Joe doesn’t know how to spell foreplay) To the Flip (Finally) I can’t. I just can’t. Joe’s literally telling us how he used a bucket to poop in the other day. Why? I’m sorry for sharing it, but if I have to suffer 🤷‍♀️ He’s still in shock from that. Why Joe? It’s not like you’re not used to throwing shit up on YouTube, shouldn’t be much different from your regular routine. Ugh, I hate toilet humor, it’s so gross. Can someone tell me if mudding over the textured ceiling is a good idea? Cause that’s Joe’s plan. Like, I’m sure it’s probably fine, when done by a real Class A, but done by Joe it’ll be bad. But Joe, I thought you were a Class A? Knock that chimney out, you got your permit, knock it out and it’ll open up your living room and kitchen. Come on, we got to get to $300k for this house. When this discount Yakkity Sax is done playing, Joe will talk about the mud work on the ceiling is already a level 5 finish. Do I sound bored? I should take that out. Maybe it’s a trick of the light or the angle it’s shot from, but that chimney covering looks fucked up This is the face of sadness and failure. If you ever need motivation, print this out and hang it on your bathroom mirror. And now it’s the end of the day at 3:23pm, yeah, really working so hard that you need to scale back your goals. Cut to 11:22 and now he’s a “Level 5 Drywall God.” It’s good to see that success, well, not success, it’s good to see that failure has kept Joe humble. Again, Joe, I know you’re doing this because I’ll write about it and comment on it, but none of your audience knows what you’re doing. There’s no reason to have this private war between us. Mainly because you can’t out snark me. 😘 I kinda feel bad for making this joke, but I had to watch Joe eat crawfish pie. Joe, I’m sorry you feel the need to give yourself nicknames. I’m sorry that no one in your life has EVER liked you enough to give you a nickname. And I’m sorry that the only nicknames given to you by other people are all from us making fun of you… wait, I’m not sorry at all, that’s fucking hysterical! Joe, DM me and I’ll tell you what it’s like to have a friend. “It’s almost better without that railing, at least you got some room to walk.” hmm, the last joke was really mean, what the hell, I’m having to watch all of these videos for some stupid project of mine. Joe, normal people can walk there, speaking of walking, you should start doing more of that and less shoveling pie in your face. Let it never be said that I don’t give Joe any credit. Refurbishing the old windows and making a clear pantry door? Legit good idea. That’s actually a really clever way to create some illusion of space. Oh, and what did they find? An old bottle. Exciting. Now, if they’d found Joe’s dignity, that’d be something to write home about. But Joe’s dignity has been lost since before Washington crossed the Delaware. It’s a stretch, but it’s a pre-1800 historical reference! Conclusion I think Joe, or rather, his wife, hired an actual contractor to do a bunch of work starting next week. I don’t think he’s going to get this done, even working 7 hour days, 7 days a week (what a grueling schedule) so I think maybe she came in and said, “Oh, you ain’t fucking this up no more.” I guess we’ll see, he’s sticking to the closer to $300k for that house, so that’ll be interesting.

It was nice of Joe to take yesterday off, it gave me a chance to build a spreadsheet of all his expenses and then put in a calculator to see how much Joe could’ve made if he’d passively invested that money. I hope to share everything with you, like, Monday? Maybe Sunday night, depends on work. But on to today’s video. It’s Fri-Yay everyone, I hope you had a good week and have fun plans this weekend, y’all are the best ❤️ Intro Ooh, a bathroom “Inspired by prison” sounds really dumb. I enjoy some rough sexy times, but, uh, when I’m in the bathroom, I want “inspired by happiness/meadows/Spring” not, “you’re the new fish on the block and it’s time to break you in.” Whatever, I’m sure this is just clickbait and I’m going to be disappointed. You know, I wish Joe would just give in and be full asshole, it’d be much more interesting than these half-ass attempts at, well, whatever he’s doing. Joe opens up singing that, “no man is an island.” That may be true, but you seem to be trying to become the first island. “Am I a horrible person?” Uh, if you have to ask… It’s weird Joe, I’ve only ever asked myself those kinds of questions after major life events: when my fiancé left me, when I was fired from job or when my business failed. What major life event has happened to bring you to this self-reflective point? But, I can save you the trouble (and me having to listen to your ramblings and justifications for your douchecockery), yes, you’re a bad person. Well, I guess we’re going to have this conversation in this video. “Certain things just get you hot, especially when everything’s on the line.” Shut the fuck up about this. See, this is exactly what I’m talking about, you’re justifying it, Why ask the question if you’re not going to really examine yourself? And by the way, shut the fuck up again, you don’t act like everything’s on the line, at all. You spend your time flexing a $60 flannel, going to free concerts and events, driving to and from Lowes and doing EVERYTHING but acting like everything’s on the line. God dammit, I’m not even a minute in and want to hang myself. Am I having a stroke? What is he rambling about that yesterday wasn’t a productive day? Literally the video before was when the Three Doucheketeers supposedly installed 10 windows in a single day. Did you just admit that you did nothing and you had someone else do the work? Why is he putting Durock down? Isn’t that used for walls? Fuck, now I’ve got to look something up. (I’m sorry if I sound like a total cunt today, it’s been a long day). Well, that was a neat trip into DIY forums :) Joe thinks he’s spent close to $20k at Lowes. Doing my job for me? I appreciate it. It’ll be interesting if that’s the case, at least based on prelim numbers. And he’s upset that Lowes isn’t acknowledging him. Like, do you have any concept of anyone outside yourself? I spent the better part of this week going over construction bids for a package we’re putting together and there like $2 or 3 million in supplies needed. Your $20k is insignificant… kinda like you. At the Flip The fuck is this 4pm shit? Fucking hell. How is it that between the three of them, they can’t make that fireplace look halfway decent? I get it, I’m a klutz, I can barely make it down stairs without tripping over my two left feet, but it’s just building a box around it, how fucking hard is that? He seems so proud of what he’s done. Like when my nephew shows me his fingerpaints and of course I praise him, he’s 2. Joe, you did the construction equivalent of that. I really don’t get why he put the 1/4 wall there. Like, hang on, god there’s so much wrong with this, I need to bullet point this. Why is there only a 1/4 wall? Unless you’re going to install a circular shower curtain, you’ve effectively killed the shower portion of that. Why would you need a wall to begin with? I don’t know about y’all but even in my long term relationships, I’ve never done more than pee in front of my partner. So, I’m not seeing why a wall was needed. If you are going to put a toilet there, don’t put any kind of wall, it just makes it cramped. What the hell? Joe, you’ve never taken a bubble bath or had a little spa day, so I’ll forgive you for that. You want to really wow me? Put a little shelf that folds out to hold my wine bottle and glass. I hate having to leave them on the floor when I do my monthly spa dates with myself. Why wouldn’t you move the toilet, I mean, if you’re gonna sell this thing for more than $200k, these little inconveniences and examples of laziness are going to add up. I can tell you right now, having lived in multiple apartments, my house will have plenty of space in the bathrooms. Did I hear him correctly that part of one of the bedrooms upstairs has a floor that’s off-level by an inch? That’s bad, right? And he’s going to use the 1/4in Durock on the floors. I know my knowledge comes from a five minute Google session, but EVERYTHING said to use 1/2in on the floors. I love this, everything Joe does just screams, “half-ass”. I can’t wait for him to list it, I may fly out there just to tour it. “Class A over here doing Class A work.” You sure are, now, go wash your fingers it’s time for nummy nums. Conclusion I legit wonder if he’s had a psychotic break or if he’s deep into a manic phase. This work is objectively bad. He’s made purposeful choices to cheap out and is so delusional to think that anyone will be fooled by these choices. If his manic episode is this high, the crash that comes when he sells for $190 is going to be amazing. I can’t wait.

Happy Hump Day! I hope everyone is having a good week and that you have fun plans for the weekend. Time to watch Joe fumble, bumble and stumble to the finish line. Intro 10 windows in one day? I’m calling it now: he either hired like 10 people off Craigslist or he really did go with Window World. There’s no way in hell Joe is capable of that level of competence. I feel like I can write paragraphs on his shitty thumbnails and titles. Speaking of, dude looks like he’s getting pounded. What’s the opposite of a thirst trap? A hydration release? Whatever it is, Joe is that. Joe is hoping today will be better than Monday and that he doesn’t want it to be a day full of letdowns. Joe, any day that I wake up and you’re still alive is a letdown for me. Whoa, too dark, too soon? Dear lord, let it go that Damon called out sick for a day. No wonder you and your wife can’t get pregnant by you sleeping with her; it’s two women in the bedroom. You’re more passive aggressive than me. I know, I’m not passive aggressive here, but I am the Queen of the Email Clapback :) “Good vibes only!” Remember when I said Joe was a trash class Karen? Yeah, he proved it. Maybe that’s what his new hairstyle will be? A nice A-line bob. “You know I said we could get four windows done, maybe we can get eight.” He went to Window World or some other professional installer. Don’t care what anyone says, he’s too confident and happy. Not because the house is getting done, but because he’s lying to someone. That’s how you can tell if Joe is lying: if he seems happy, it’s because he’s getting something over on someone. Back to Lowes This forced positivity is so fake. Like, he reminds me of when I was a customer service rep years ago. Like, I had my “Smiling Sally Voice” or whatever my supervisor said we should have and it was just as phony. And it’s oddly gross coming from Joe, I feel like he’s perving on me. “Window World could do it, we’re kinda like Window World.” Yeah, I bet you are. I bet he said to them, “If I provide all the materials, can I pay for a crew to come out and do my windows?” Lunch Time Well, we’re back to me watching and commenting on a guy(lol) driving around. Joe says they’ve gotten six windows done by noon. You know, if that were the case, if his guys were this fast, you can bet your ass that he would have footage of this. Even if it were just GoPro and a sped up montage, he’d be showing it off. So, either it’s not them doing it or, and this is something I just thought, maybe he won’t show it because it shows how fast people work when he’s not around? Joe’s about two or three BK value meals away from needing a sports bra. “Tryin to finish up that house and I’m broke.” Fuck, I need to finish this damn project of calculating his expenses. He actually might be… but I think he went and got money from daddy. “Oh Joe, you’re too hard on these guys.” Nope, in fact, I said the opposite. That you were a little bitch about how you confronted him. No shame Joe, it’s always tough to discipline someone you find attractive. Unless they’re into that, in which case, I bust out my cat o’nine tails, wait, what? Had he not said anything, Joe says (and he’s right) that it would’ve set the precedent that that’s the kind of work he expects and accepts. Joe, you are 100% correct. Now, expand that out to the rest of the work you do, the attitude you convey and your work ethic in general. Nope, never mind, because if you did that, you might realize why you attract shitty people. Sorry, enjoy your noodles. I want to save this for when he sells this house. “If this was your house could you go for that?” But you expect people to not only go for that but pay you a fucking premium when you sell that house. What about all the shitty work you’ve done? What about shimming cabinets a half inch because the floor was so fucked up? What about all the mud work? What about the fact that the window is off-center over the sink? What about the fact that the back door and window next to it aren’t level with each other? Don’t get on your high horse about quality and standards when you’re the contractor equivalent of getting upset that the heroin needle isn’t sterile or that the dick coming through the gloryhole smells a little weird. Shut the fuck up. “I’m happy with the progress.” Does this LOOK at all like a man who is happy? Joe, you can lie all you want, but your body language doesn’t lie. Something’s wrong. And I’m happy :) “I’m not gonna eat on camera, cause I know there’s people who don’t really like that.” Aww, thank you Joe ❤️ I mean, who else can he be talking about, but the DEMF Confederacy? I think we’re the only ones who call it out. Adding crackers to ramen, more and more carbs, good plan. I’m not sure if I want to see him adding nacho cheese and CFA sauce to beef flavored noodles. But hey, Joe, thanks for proving that you’re trash class. Jesus, when I was younger, like early 20s, I lived in a trailer and even though it was the white trashiest trailer park, I never did anything that bad. Don’t you say a god damn thing negative about my CFA! Their food is fucking delicious. If you want a good breakfast that’s healthy, check out their Egg White Grill! So fucking tasty! I like to pretend that I’m eating a mommy chicken and her unborn daughter You lied to me Joe, you promised you weren’t going to eat. Remember when I said Joe wasn’t happy? Well, I snagged this screencap. This is the face of a sad man eating his feelings. The pain in his eyes is screaming into the void, “help me!” That’s exactly why he went back and made a prison meal: it was the only place where Joe felt comfortable. Prison is home to Joe. He no longer has to make decisions, he doesn’t have to earn a living honestly, ironically, he’s freer in prison and in the real world. He can be himself in prison. I know there’s a lot of closeted Joe jokes, but think about it. It’s totally cool if he’s getting banged in prison, he doesn’t have the shame, he’s found a niche market. But here in the free world? He’s scared to be himself, to be responsible for anything. He’s longing for the day when he can be free again. And gross. If I have to suffer, y’all have to suffer. Misery loves company. Back to the Flip “I’m very satisfied with the work done by the guys.” He keeps using the phrase, “the guys” when discussing the windows. Yeah, yeah, he’s saying Matt and Damon’s names too, but he keeps using “the guys” more than usual. I’d be happy too if someone came out and installed 10 windows for me. “There are two more windows that need to get done, that’s gonna take at least half the day tomorrow.” Hang on, let me do some basic math. If they did 10 windows in 8 hours, that’s 1 window installed every 48 minutes. So, 2 windows should take 96 minutes or just over an hour and a half. God, can you not keep your lies together for one fucking video? Try harder, LL Bitch “There’s a lot of valves in here that don’t cut off all the way.” Sounds like a serious issue that you need to resolve. I wonder if that has anything to do with all that water damage and mold we saw? Probably not, mold and water don’t mix, duh. There was a leak and he put a bucket under it and in a day it was overflowing. Um, that’s not a small leak, that’s between 1 and 5 gallons of water leaking every day. Uh, probably should do something about that. You know how they say dogs resemble their owners? I’m thinking Joe and this house are a match made in, well, not heaven, but somewhere. They’re both wearing high-vis colors, they both are overgrown, they’re both falling apart and now they’re both overflowing. In the case of the house, it’s water overflowing buckets and in Joe’s case, it’s his pants. “I’m gonna keep an eye on that and if it looks better tomorrow, I’m gonna tighten up that bathroom.” Do leaks just go away? What the actual fuck? Conclusion I think the happiest days in Joe’s life will be: the day he was released from prison six years ago and the day he’s sentenced to prison this next time.

I feel like this is gonna be a bitchy and angry review. I’ve dealt with UPS for the last four days saying my house doesn’t exist, then, they tell me they’ll hold my equipment (which is for work, so I kinda need it) at the distribution center, I spend an hour driving around to show up to said distribution center to find that they just gave up. They shipped it back to the sender. So Joe, I’m sorry, but you’re my punching bag tonight. TLDR: Aly is whining again, you can ignore me. Intro Fuck me, 25 minutes of this. Does anyone know what goes well with rum? I just have a bottle of Captain Morgan’s Private Reserve and nothing to mix it with. Do i just drink it straight? Yeah, I’m gonna do that, 2 sec. Does anyone remember when Rivers Cuomo was going through his lumberjack phase? Cause that’s what Joe looks like, or reminds me of, but like if Rivers had let himself go and subsisted off a diet of BK, cheap booze and gas station pizzas. And there it is, after I gagged seeing his stomach, he’s flexing a work shirt. And admits “Joe lookin’ the part now.” Good to know you think being a blue collar worker is a fucking costume. The hell is wrong with you? Clothes don’t equal respect you fucking poser. I have more flannel than you, it’s not an achievement, nor would I wear a work shirt and think I’m some kind of, I don’t know, Rosie the Riveter (that’s a timely reference right?) “Dress for the job and title that you are.” And “If you’re a Class A, you gotta look like a Class A.” I mean, in your case, if the A stands for Asshole, I think you nailed it. You know, Joe would fit in perfectly in finance. If Joe got a job as a teller, the first thing he’d go buy is a Patagonia vest and start talking about his portfolio and going to Aspen. (Side note: one of my friends got me a Patagonia vest as a joke, I hate to admit it, but it’s comfy) “Check out this flannel.” I’ll take, “What does Aly say to pick up women at the gay bar” for $1,000, Alex! (RIP Trebek) You rocking an LL Bean flannel? Good for you, they make good stuff. No shade there. “I felt kinda crazy spending $60 on a flannel…” Ugh, we’re not even 90 seconds in. Joe, it’s a shirt and it’s from a good brand, you’re going to pay money for it. And, not to be too rude, but a $60 flannel isn’t a flex, what happened to that $350 jacket from IG? Oh, that’s right, you couldn’t afford that. Flex for me when you’re spending triple digits on items of clothing. Joe found the four inches he was needing on FB Marketplace. I’m so happy for you two, is it just a casual thing or do you think you’ll date? Joe’s talking about new construction windows and why they’re a pain because the windows are upstairs and they just nail in. Now, I’m already buzzed because I’m drinking rum straight from the bottle (don’t you fucking judge me) but, if that’s an issue, why don’t you pull two windows from downstairs, put the new ones there and then use those windows upstairs? Whatever, keep talking Discount Al Borland. “This is a week of mass production.” I guess any week you end on a calorie surplus qualifies, so what makes this one different? At the Flip Damon isn’t there and it’s interesting to see Joe try to hide his anger. I love how angry he is, but for some reason, he’s decided to be Mahatma Joe-di. Come on, just let it out Joe. You know, Joe, if you actually worked, it wouldn’t matter too much if you didn’t have Damon. You could be that second set of hands. But that’s too much for you, right? You’re too good to work? But I thought you were dressed up in your blue collar costume? Maybe you could actually do the work? Joe’s really struggling today. Not with, well, everything, but with his breathing and speaking. I’m waiting for one of these days when i get a news alert out of VA that a YouTuber died from asphyxiation on the highway. “Always like to get as much work as possible done on a Monday.” Is this like some kind of early New Year’s Resolution? Cause, you know, I’ve watched your videos, and what you meant to say was, “I always like my bitches to get as much work as possible done on a Monday.” It’s ok Joe, we all misspeak. Yardwork I know we give you shit Joe, but you really should get your, well, everything checked out. It’s not normal to be this out of breath from driving a mower. I don’t think I’ve ever seen someone get out of a car, panting and when I ask what’s going on, they respond with, “You know, just a long drive.” I love how bitter Joe is about Damon not being there. He’s so passive-aggressive, he’s like an ex-girlfriend of mine. She would make ALL sorts of these little remarks. Joke was on her, I just ignored her. “I’ve got one drink, no food.” ROFL and he’s talking about that being his sacrifice. Yeah, skipping breakfast, real sacrifice. Like you aren’t stopping for a Double Croissanwich, fuck, that sounds good actually. You know who makes really good breakfasts? Totally NOT healthy at all, but when I have a cheat day, OMG, I love some Hardee’s/Carl’s Jr. breakfast. So fucking good. Haha, i guess i might be more than a little buzzed now if I’m talking about my cheat day meals It took him so long because he was alone, Jesus, you act like the worst stereotypical high school girl. To the Flip! K, so, I’m dumb when it comes to, well, lots of stuff. But, like, if the floor the tile is on isn’t level, like, there’s only so much you can do to fix that right? Like, how much of the tile job sucking is on Matt and how much is on the fucked up floors? Did that make any sense? I should probably cut that out “Why does the tile go so far into the god damned living room?” And then proceeds to shut the door and the tile DOESN’T even come out past the door fucking helll that’s great AHAHAHAHAHAHA “I’m not happy with this.” Joe’s speaking for the audience again. Wait, Joe, you can’t correct this with mud? Say it ain’t so! Haha a Weezer reference, that’s a fucking pro callback rightchere So, Matt can’t tile, he can’t side, he can’t bathroom/shower stuff, he can’t do countertops but he’s still there taking joe’s money and making him crazy? Matt, are you one of us? Like seriously? This is like the ultimate undercover DEMF operation and I fucking love every second of it. giggle Joe’s talking about perfection again and that discussion. Oh Joe, you’re gonna make me blush if you respond to me. Also, this is a wonderful photo of a mentally disabled man trying to build a house, I’m gonna submit for an award. Joe, you’re confusing quality with perfection and again, this all starts at the top. If YOU solve your problems with 5 layers of mud, why wouldn’t he solve this problem with 5 layers of grout or whatever it’s called? You know, you set the standard for the job site and of course he thinks he can get away with this, you don’t care enough to even groom yourself And he still hasn’t fired him!! Dude, Matt must be a fucking hottie for Joe to keep him around after all these mistakes. How the hell do you keep him around after this? Oh, that’s right, you need labor so you don’t have to work. But Joe, you dress the part of a worker, why don’t you work? Oh, because you’re a fake and a liar, that’s all you are. “I should’ve recorded that damn conversation.” I thought you were recording everything now? Oh, another lie. Lie after lie after lie. It’s gonna be so satisfying when all these lies come home to roost, er, chickens roost, fuck me. Anyway, yeah, i can’t wait to watch you fail. “I went IN” whoa, slow down Joe, that’s probably sexual harassment, was it consensual? And does anyone believe for a second that if Joe went in like that, that he WOULDN’T have recorded it? Bullshit. And the part he does record, he sounds like he’s talking to a waiter who got his order wrong at Denny’s. God, breakfast food sounds so good right now. Whenever i get drunk or baked, I love me some breakfast food. What the hell was I on about? Oh yeah, if this is going in, I don’t know, it’s not nearly as dramatic as he made it sound, it’s almost like he lies about everything… fuck, gotta pee “I’m not trying to nitpick what you’re doing here man.” My goodness, the terror that must’ve filled Matt’s heart at the sound of those words! And we come back to Joe saying, “As you heard, I wanted him to tear out that fucking tile and do it again.” Nope, Joe, you gotta lie better. Try harder. Fucking amateur hour over here. “I can’t go for half-ass, I can’t go for pretty good, I can’t go for almost good, I gotta have really good.” Well, it’s, um, good, that you have such clear standards. No way anyone would be confused as to what you expect. And like, um, isn’t a level floor and uniform tile, like, the expected result of tile? “He ate dat shit when i was going in.” Yeah, I would’ve too, it wasn’t an ass-chewing, it was like one of those one-on-ones where your didn’t really do your best but your manager doesn’t really care because we still hit goals. For someone who, what was it you said last video, oh, yeah, who claims to be tough, you sure act like a coward who runs from conflict. And we know you must HATE conflict cause you sure as shit don’t run. Is one of the tiles split in the middle? That’s not good. “The only person you can count on in life, is yourself. So don’t let yourself down.” Poor Joe, can’t even count on himself. Like, Joe, real talk, is this where you want to be in life? I’m not trying to be mean, well, not this time. But, like, is this what you thought YouTube would be like six years in? Don’t you think it’s about time for you to channel your inner Willy Loman? Haha, that was fucking dark. You know what’s really crazy about that play? Motherfucker sold lingerie, door-to-door. Can you imagine some middle-aged guy coming up to your house and asking to come inside and sell you lingerie? conclusion I’m drunk and whiny, I’m sorry it was so late. <3

I’m kinda excited, we’ve got some of the Church of the Assholy Joe with us today. Settle down and welcome new brothers and sisters. Sister Aly is here to save you from the Church and to bring you into the everlasting light of DEMFdom! I’m gonna need to put all my effort into this, no half-assing this today! Intro I’m confused, and it’s only four seconds in. Joe isn’t wearing a high vis shirt. Does this mean he’s done cosplaying as a working man? And of course Matt is still with him. Joe forbid that he actually fire someone. But, I will give him credit, Joe’s actually learned something: you put people in areas where they have skills and set them up for success. My Joe, will the miracles never cease? I mean, sure, it’s only taken how many years for Joe to learn something you hear in like the first month of an Intro to Business class, but praise the Joe, he’s learning! Oh, oops, forgot what I was originally going on about. They’ve had to do three “minor” roof repairs to get rid of some rot. A rotted roof you say? That couldn’t be the cause of any of the water damage, rot or mold inside the house, could it? Nope, no way, sorry I brought it up. It’s moments like these, when Joe responds to comments, that I have a little smile on my face. “I made a comment saying I demand perfect work, don’t take that so fucking literally.” I’m gonna pause right here. Joe, honey, I had such hope for you. You were on a college freshman level of understanding business like two paragraphs ago and now, we’re back to elementary with your grasp of the English language. Words mean things, if you state that you wanted perfection, and believe you me, you absolutely stated it in no uncertain terms. In fact, Joe, you followed that up with the following statements, “If I’m not going to do perfect work, then that’s on me.” and “I’m damn sure trying to do perfect work.” Please, tell me how else to take those statements. What the absolute fuck is this?!? Joe’s addressing the comments stating that he should work from the top down and he actually said, “You’re probably right about that.” At this point, Joe needs to pay the subreddit a consulting fee for all of the advice we’re giving, free of charge too. Wow, not even three minutes in. I need a drink already but I’m out of gin 🥺 And we’re not getting footage of Thursday or Friday because, “they were working too hard and maybe I just wasn’t feeling it.” Back to this. Well, never change Joe. I can’t have you improving otherwise my posting will be more difficult. But hey, why would you film you doing it yourself on your DIY channel? That’s just dumb. Silly ol’ panda bear. “We’ve addressed all the situations and issues… there definitely was some water damage from a leaking roof.” Fucking called it! I do love when Joe gets caught in these situations and you an almost see the little hamster trying to run on the wheel. “Ok, I’ve got to give them something, um, what do I say? Oh, “situations and issues” that’s vague enough it can’t possibly come back and bite me in the ass. Good job Joe, good job me!” Joe needs 12 more windows… Joe dammit, I’m going to have to go through these videos and tally up his expenses. I want to see what his budget looks like. I’ve got one or two suspicions. This intro covers 7 minutes of the 18 minute video. And something’s really wrong. I don’t know what it is, but Joe’s being different. He’s apologizing and saying he doesn’t mean to be an asshole and he sounds sincere. I doubt that he is, but this is weird. What happened to cocky AF Joe? What happened to Class A Joe? I wonder if this is him trying to be likable before asking for money? Well, table that and we’ll come back to it. “If there’s an issue it starts at the top.” What’s beyond “flabbergasted”? Cause, that’s what I am. At the Flip Watching Joe wander around counting windows like some kind of retarded Muppet. Joe dammit, I miss when he would be cocky. Joe’s contemplating taking windows and making a door out of it, “Give it the HGTV treatment, can you imagine Joe fabricating something (you do that all the time, it’s called lying), Joe making something.” Well, you can’t make a kid, so you might as well make a door. At least a door will never drop out of college although they can be unhinged… Damon had to sand in the living room and Joe’s showing off a 5 gallon bucket that’s like a third filled with dust from the sanding. It’s almost like someone used too much mud… And then someone else had to clean up their mess. Weird. You know, even if Joe is sincere about this, it comes across as so fake. He’s talking about how he took Matt aside and thanked him for his work because he wanted to show him appreciation. Except, he forgot the word “appreciation” and he forgot the word “thank”. And the worst part about this is that he’s going to fool the rest of the ATM army and the comments are going to be, “Look at Joe, look how great he is, he’s turned over a new leaf.” Not remembering that this is the same guy who said using fear to motivate is a good idea and then spent three videos defending his position. “You guys have made some valid points.” Whatever word is past “flabbergasted” yeah, I think I just passed that word. Maybe I’m hella cynical (believe me, there are plenty of managers and coworkers who would tell you I’m the most cynical person they’ve worked with) but this doesn’t feel right. Like, the words are right and even the tone is kinda right, but it’s just wrong. It’s like putting the em-PHA-sis on the wrong SYL-ab-le. If that makes sense? And Joe gave him more money today. How the hell would anyone want to work for him? If he’s in a good mood and you do a good job that day, you’ll get one rate. If he’s in a bad mood and you screw up, he’ll fire you. That’s not a good recipe. A Rant “I may come across as tough. And I am.” No, you come across as a blowhard who thinks that if he throws slang at you loudly, that people will back down. You come across as a weak manchild who thinks he can bully people because you surround yourself with people who are weaker than you. And instead of being a good human being and NOT taking advantage of people who are less able, who are weaker, who are fragile, who should be protected, you use them for your own ends. You deliberately surround yourself with those who can’t stand up to you. It’s why you moderate the social medias, that you can moderate, so heavily. Anyone who stands up to you is a direct threat. Anyone who knows their value will see you for what you are: a scared little boy, yelling to get his way. And it doesn’t intimidate them. You’re not scary Joe. I know you want to be, but you’re not. Rather than be afraid of one of your tirades, I’d laugh my ass off at the impotent rage you display. Rather than give in to you, I’d give you a juice box and a pat on the head and tell you to go take a nap. If you were tough, you wouldn’t have these issues, not because people would be afraid of you, but because they’d respect you because they’d say, “This is a guy who means what he says and does what he says and he holds a tough line.” Those are the people that command respect; you command pity. “I’m the hardest on the guys who work with me, because I demand perfection from myself first before I try to demand it from somebody else.” AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA, I think it was 12-13 minutes ago in video time that you said you didn’t demand perfection and that we were stupid for taking you literally. And, you know what, let’s run with this for a minute. Joe, please tell me, and I’ll happily Zelle you $100 if you can answer this: give me three, no, two, no, one area in your life where you demand perfection from yourself. Because I’m not seeing it in your APS content. It certainly wasn’t in the moped business. It wasn’t in the moving business. It wasn’t in the cleaning business. It’s not in your current house flipping business. It’s not in your personal grooming. It’s not in your diet and exercise. it’s not in your money and time management skills. So please, Joe, tell me where you demand perfection in yourself. Conclusion That, new brothers and sisters of the Church of Joe was a Panda recap for you. Now, if y’all still support Joe and praise him, kindly fuck off.

Well, this is certainly a surprise. You know, T-Pain had “Mail on Sunday” and I guess Joseph P Guerrero has to give us either, “Fail on Sunday” or “Pain on Sunday.” Can’t decide which. Whatevs. I got my bottle of water, hoodie, pajamas and headphones, so I’m looking like a sleepy DJ, let’s do this! Pre-Intro Rant “Giving Dude Another Chance” with a thumbnail that looks like Joe is imitating blowing a guy. Legit wonder if that’s how he’s going to pass inspection. The inspector wandered the through house, panting and wheezing following close behind as the washed-up YouTuber nervously followed. It wasn’t his first time flipping homes, but even though it wasn’t his first he was still nervous, “Everything up to code?” “It doesn’t look like it, looks like a bunch of illegal work was performed. It’s going to be very hard to pass inspection…” “Boi doe, that’s not the only thing that’s hard!” Joe reached out, cupped the inspector’s crotch and with a wink and a wheeze, dropped to his knees… Intro Joe is hoping today will be a good day and that, “it’s never a good day when you want to fire a guy.” Except, Joe, you did fire him. Actually, let’s back up: you demoted him, gave him a raise, fired him and rehired him, in the space of 48 hours. Holy indecisiveness, Fatman! “Oh well, no use crying over spilled milk, but it’s in the past.” Proceeds to spend a minute talking about him. Leaving Lowes/At the Flip Joe just spent $400 at Lowes and says he has enough stuff for two days. Let’s see, it’s the 4:05 mark, I say by minute 13:45, we’ll have another trip to Lowes. And Class A Joe strikes again! We still have water leaking under the tub and water spots on the ceiling. I’m not Class A, but, uh, pretty sure if you just let water sit there, mold is going to grow. Wait! I get it now! We’re so fucking stupid! We’re a bunch of stupid DEMFs! Joe is just practicing proper camping, he’s leaving the house in the same condition he found it. Just like you leave your campsite (I don’t know, it’s been 20 years since I camped and I don’t think a girls’ church camping trip counts.) I think Joe is progressively shooting closer and closer to his face. Combined with the shaky cam and panting, it’s like a “Blair Witch Project” rip-off. Maybe “Hairy Bitch Project?” Joe, if you’re going to try and entice people with your underwear, wear something from VS or maybe CK. Be bold and daring, love your body and wear the things that show the world you love it! Back to Lowes God damn, I wish I’d put money on this. See, Joe, unlike you, I can actually predict things. We have another Lowes trip at 5:26, you didn’t even last 90 seconds… wait, no, I’m NOT talking about your bedroom performance, we all know 90 seconds includes whatever foreplay you manage. Stumbling around like a blind man trying to eat a bar of Laffy Taffy. Matt showed up 15 minutes late and Joe is such a bitch he doesn’t say anything. Can’t imagine why people take advantage of you. “Definitely try to always do more than what’s possible.” Joe, did you hear someone say, “Aim for the moon, even if you miss, you’ll land among the stars?” Because that sounds like the trash class interpretation. Fuck me, is this what I’m watching? I’m watching “Trash Class Karen butcher ‘Live, Laugh, Love’ level motivational quotes?” I must’ve gone wrong, somewhere in life. Joe’s learning the basics of management. I’m so torn. On one hand, I respect ANYONE who learns and tries to implement that knowledge. But on the other, it’s Joe. Fuck him. Lunchtime Joe Help me, dear lord, help me. “So hungry it stings.” Uh, I’m not a doctor, but if you’re drinking a soda and your esophagus and/or stomach hurt, that’s probably not good. Maybe it’s stomach cancer? Good news for Joe, I hear chemo is the new keto. And now he speeds up the footage… and he keeps talking. Now, because I don’t want to miss anything, I’m watching it at .25x. The irony of Joe bitching about how slow something is taking is exquisite. I feel like I made the same complaints about your mud fetish. And I believe after 3 coats of mud, it’s a fetish. No shade, I’ll never yuck your yum, but Joe, come on. Please, a little self-awareness. I know you’re not begging for likes on the videos anymore (side note: watching him beg five people for likes on a livestream was hysterical) but you need to grow, mentally, you’ve got the physical growth covered. Joe’s asking for what he should do. Is this how far Joe has fallen, he’s now reached the point he’s going to poll the audience for help? I mean, I would say he should phone a friend first, but then I remembered, he has no friends. Just a lonely little ogre who dreams of being better than he is. Also, how fucking pissed would you be if your boss asked on YouTube how to manage you or if they should keep you around? An Actual Answer for Joe I’m going to go against character for a minute and, since you’re legit helpless, I’m going to answer your question, “What do I do?”re: Matt. And since you read these, I’ve cut out a section just for you. You go to him and say, “I know I haven’t been the most consistent boss, but here’s the situation, your work is not up to par with what I’m paying you. You have two choices: option 1, you can quit/get fired, we part ways and no animosity or option 2: I’m going to cut your pay to $15/hour and use you as a laborer and if any mistakes happen, I’m going to get rid of you. Once you’ve given him that, if he picks option 2, you post on CL and you find yourself a legit skilled guy, once you have that person, fire Matt and move on. You’re welcome. Back to Joe’s House I think I might have irony poisoning from hearing Joe say that someone else could use some people skills. I need a stiff drink and a blanket. “If I could tell you everything we had to deal with today, you wouldn’t believe me.” Something, something, I did some illegal shit, something, something. “We’ve got some leaks in the roof.” Surprised Pikachu Whoever called that, congratulations! Should’ve known something was up when the fucking taped insulation to the inside of the roof. “I’m sorry it was ‘Joe Talks About Stuff’ today.” No need to apologize, it’s the same as every other video. “Today it was too dangerous to break out the camera.” Joe, you write these recaps for me. I’m guessing that little permit of yours wasn’t real and you decided that you can’t film anything because of potential legal issues. I don’t see why you won’t tell us. You’ve already admitted to tax evasion on camera, just go all the way. I thought you was keeping it a buck one thousand? You chicken shit little bitch. Anyway, my advice still stands Joe. You’re welcome. I would bill you for it, but I don’t think your check would clear.

It’s Friday night and where am I? Am I getting ready to hit the club? Nope. Am I cracking open a bottle of the finest red wine my food stamps can buy? Nope. Am I hanging out with cool, friendly people and mocking a washed-up YouTuber who is probably 6 months away from going to jail for tax fraud? Yup! Just need to grab my gin and hoodie and settle in for the warmth that is my hatred of JPG II. Do you think he has business cards that, like, mimic a professional? Like “Joseph P. Guerrero II, CAC, LVL V” I wouldn’t put it past him. Intro This motherfucker needs a haircut. Like, Joe, get at me, I’ll give you the number for my stylist, she can make my messy, bedhead look professional, I bet she could make you look almost human. How is it someone can wear glasses and look more mentally disabled? Joe never ceases to amaze me. Joe is the very definition of “snatching defeat from the jaws of victory.” Also, only 29 seconds into the video and I’m writing a fucking novel. “It’s been six years since I’ve been released from prison and wow, it’s been on hell of a ride.” Something no woman, or man, I’m not a bigot, who’s had the misfortune to find themselves in bed with Joe, has ever said. “If I’m being honest, I’m not really feeling it this morning.” How do you know my inner monologue when one of your videos pops up in my feed? Freaky, right? In all seriousness, I look forward to writing for y’all more than watching his videos. When Joe goes back to prison, I’m going to be sad that we won’t have new content to make fun of ☹ Joe’s bitching about the cost of Combos, also, Joe wants you to know that he skipped breakfast today. I think, of all the videos I’ve watched, that might be the biggest lie of all. Also, why the hell would you load up on carbs? Jesus, Joe, grab a protein shake and something to eat with it and you’ll be good through lunch. Oh, and Joe, inflation is happening, there are supply chain disruptions and production issues in various industries, do you need me to explain the economy to you? I can’t (haha, take a shot!) he’s bitching that Combos are more expensive than in prison. That in prison, they never charged more than $1 or $1.50, but three bags now cost him $4.50. Does someone want to tell him? At the Flip Apparently, the fan in the dining room is, I don’t know what the real term for this would be, but, hardwired into the electricity in the house? Like, it’s permanently on. I could be wrong, but that sounds like an electrical issue that you’d want a permit to fix… Lunch Time I guess we’re back to Joe doing illegal work on the flip since we’re going from “just getting to the flip” to “I’m going to shove food in my face to make some smartass bitch of a panda on reddit gag.” Fucker. Uh oh, Joe’s going to Lowes on his lunch break. But how will Joe have the energy to finish today? Joe, please take care of yourself, at least stop by BK and get a Whopper Jr. something to tide you over! “Man, you can’t even make this type of shit up.” Just gonna tee me up like that? Ok. Yes, yes you can Joe. It’s called being creative when someone else does it. When it’s you, it’s just called lying. $22 Matt apparently cut a water line when he was removing the stand-up shower because he didn’t know there were two water lines. Um, well, let’s see what else went wrong before I judge if this this truth or not. And Matt didn’t put anything under the P-trap and water went everywhere and now the bathroom smells. New theory: One of y’all is Matt and is intentionally doing this to mess with Joe. If that’s the case, I love you. Maybe it’s Yonnie in one of those glasses, nose and fake moustache things? I think Joe would fall for that. Joe bought an $80 gift card for $40… I guess we’re going to add “receipt of stolen property” to his list of crimes. In a previous life, I worked this company that did fuel cards, tiny little company in the PNW. Anyway, one of the biggest issues was drivers selling fuel, they’d offer to fill your tank for $20 cash and they’d use the co fuel card. Spoiler alert: that’s theft. AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA there’s a food truck in the Lowe’s parking lot!!!! OMG FUCKING YES! It’s moments like these that make these recaps worth every second! AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA fucking hell, this is great!!! Ok, now, time for some analysis. Do we really believe this is the first time Joe’s seeing this food truck? Have you ever known Joe to not sniff out unhealthy food from miles away. Joe’s like a Great White, he can smell a drop of transfat a mile away, even if diluted by gallons of Mountain Dew. And so now that there’s competition and he might have to work hard, he’s done with the food truck idea. Back to the Flip or Flood Inspection Apparently, the water ran down behind the walls and under the tub in the downstairs bathroom. But, you know what? I’ve got faith in Class A Joe, he’s gonna do the right thing and remove that drywall (the fact that he probably should’ve used sheetrock or some kind of bathroom backerboard, not withstanding. Also, been talking to my dad to learn some of these terms so I don’t sound like Joe) and he’s going to make sure that everything’s dry and there’s no mold and any leaks are fixed. Yup, you can count on Class A Joe. Joe has to climb under the house to inspect things, says it’s swamped, then he says it’s a few puddles. Now, someone who knows better tell me if I’m wrong, but Joe claims that the water ran for 30 seconds, the should be almost no water that came out, right? Side note: I found a flow-rate calculator and apparently, shower lines flow at 1.5-3 gal/min, so, at worst, it’s 1.5 gallons. Ok. But how did they turn off the water so quickly? Joe is playing a video of, I don’t know what, him firing Matt. “I’m recording everything at this point.” That’ll be useful when the lawsuit comes. Or when the inspector comes. Whatevs. Good plan, Joe. And this, right chere, is why no one respects Joe. Joe, I know you read these, so pay attention, I’m going to make this easy. You fire a guy, go get money to pay him out, then come back and decide, “I’m going to give you another chance.” That’s called being inconsistent. If you’re inconsistent, people will take advantage of you. If you say something, stick with it. Obviously, you have to reconsider at times, but you better be sticking with what you say more often than not. “I demand perfect work in this house.” Floored. Someone call the hospital, I need help getting up. “If I’m not going to do perfect work, then that’s on me.” Gosh, can’t figure out why no one respects you. Nothing says, “I’ll work for this guy and I’ll have his back” like double standards. “I’m damn sure trying to do perfect work.” I can’t (haha, another shot!) If this is what you trying to do perfect work looks like, I… well, I don’t know, I can’t believe you said this with a straight face. My soul hurts. And he’s giving him another chance tomorrow. Joe is a case study in poor managerial and leadership styles. Like, you could just show JDS videos in an MBA level course and say, “Do the opposite of everything he does,” and no one would question your syllabus. “Today was a real washout.” I’d be impressed with your pun game if I thought it was in any way intentional. What’s this? Joe is learning that management is difficult? No way! This could almost be considered personal growth, you know, had he not done those three videos where he said the way to motivate people was to make sure they know they’re replaceable and that fear is a great motivator. “You gotta have a plan and a backup plan.” Well, it took three flip houses, any number of failed businesses and a few years, but look at that, Joe’s learned something you learn in BusAdm 101. Welcome to orientation. “Someone said the other day, ‘Joe, if you didn’t get shit done then ultimately that falls on you.’ And you are absolutely right. Absolutely right. And on days like today, it’s not my fault. It’s not my fault at all.” Anyone want to tell me what’s wrong with those statements? Yes, you in the back, yeah, you, the emo kid with the shitty bangs. What’s that? Yes, that’s correct, they’re completely incongruous with each other. Good job. Now, go call your barber and have them fix that before you come back to my class. Joe’s plan to just let the water dry and keep an eye on it. Maybe he can do one of those cool timelapse vids where we see the black mold grow, that’d be good content. Joe must be desperate for cash if he’s releasing this many videos, this quickly. We really should start a JoeFundMe account. He works awfully hard… or he hardly works… or he’s awful working. Whatever, let’s get this over with, I’ve got to file my taxes tonight and get ready to have the IRS have their way with me. It’s not nearly as sexy as I make it sound. Intro Dammit, this seems to be a trend, of me not making it more than two seconds in before I’m off on a mini-rant. The fact that Joe thinks he’s qualified to tell anyone what they’re worth is laughable. Joe, you should do everything you can to savor these small moments of power because soon, you’re going to be back at a temp agency, screaming for $10/hour and asking if they know who you are? Joe is pure sexual, masculine energy. Hate all you want, but can we all agree that, if we’re not into guys, we’d let him fuck our partners; and if we’re into guys, we’d let him bang us like a special ed drummer in a high school marching band? “How do you tell a guy you’re going to demote him by $5/hour?” I don’t know, you just do? Jesus, Joe, I just got done building you up and you can’t even (and I hate using this kind of language) man up and say, “Matt, bruh, you ain’t worth $25, if you want to stay on, it’ll be $20, what do you want to do?” I’m pretty sure having these kinds of discussions on hidden camera and then broadcasting it is illegal in most areas. If I found out that my boss was recording my salary negotiations and posting them to YouTube, I’d own the damn firm. It’s so fucking classless. But then again, the only classes Joe is familiar with involve 12 steps. And, we all know how winded he gets after one step. (I might leave that in, I’m not happy with that joke, not really, but I kinda am, fuck I can never make up my mind) Post Intro Truck Ride Odd, why are we going from one intro to another intro, just at 11:30? Oh Joe, you sly old fox you. You did something naughty at the flip you don’t want us to see, didn’t you? You’re so cute when you try to be sneaky. And we’re going back to Joe’s house. So bored. I’m gonna pause for a second. This motherfucker actually filmed this discussion. Seriously, Matt, get at me. Give me some inside info and let’s get this piece of shit shut down. God damn I hate this kind of stuff. And he tells Matt what he’s paying Damon. I can’t (take a shot!) ROFL, and he admits he’s paying cash. Good job, Al CaJoe-ne, way to admit to tax evasion, on camera. Now, I’m not saying that there’s a fun IRS form you can fill out to report tax fraud, nor am I saying that that form is Form 3949-A, nor am I saying that all the instructions on how to fill it out and send it in are located here: https://www.irs.gov/individuals/how-do-you-report-suspected-tax-fraud-activity I’m not saying any of that 😉😈 Lunch Time Dear lord, make me a bird so I can fly far, far away. Watching Joe shove a quarter of a sandwich in his mouth after guzzling half a can of Mountain Dew and I need a shower. Or a decontamination protocol. I want to know if anyone finds him attractive and, if so, I want you to explain to me what bad thing happened to you and let’s cry it out. “Stupid, damn nail gun.” Oh, this should be good. I’m pretty sure nail guns aren’t sentient. And then he goes on to make hand motions that look like if Lenny from “Of Mice and Men” was trying to describe sex. I’m just glad this traumatic injury hasn’t dampened his appetite. Joe, don’t scare us like that! And add this to, “Panda List of Things Joe Will Use to Claim Worker’s Comp.” List. “That shit hurts.” Yeah, Joe, being penetrated by pointy objects does hurt, but you should be used to that by now, right? Wait, only 1/8th of an inch of a finishing nail went into his finger? So, this is the equivalent of getting a fishing hook in you? Poor Joe, he can’t catch a break. Watching a guy eat a sandwich in four bites is seriously one of the un-sexiest things I’ve ever seen. Joe goes on to list a bunch of things that $20 Matt is doing, it’s a fucking laundry list of things and then has the nerve to say, “not hard work at all.” If it’s not hard Joe, why aren’t you doing it? Why do you need help? Because Matt hasn’t gotten the house done in four hours, Joe seems to think that he’s not working very hard. Like, Joe, you don’t need to come up with reasons to fire someone. Just fire him if you don’t want him around. Oh, that’s right, you need to find a way to spin it that YOU’RE the victim and if you actually acted, in your own words, “like a BOSS,” you would actually be responsible for any setbacks that occurred due to your decision. You little bitch. Back to the Flip And it’s the end of the day?! “What can I share with you guys first and foremost?” Translation: Those DEMFs on Reddit already called the inspector on me once before, what can I show that will make my dumbass followers believe progress has been made but won’t appear overtly illegal or against code? “I had a candid conversation with him… I said, ‘I don’t know what you’re used to making, you know maybe $25 was you shooting high.’ So, I said, I really do appreciate the work that you’re putting in over here so let’s just split the difference and give you $22 an hour.” Um, Joe, you know YOU PLAYED US THE TAPE OF YOUR ILLEGAL RECORDING OF A COMPENSATION DISCUSSION. Like it was like 6 minutes ago in video time. Joe’s bitching about paying this guy $25/hour and dude practically built the kitchen. Joe really does just want slaves. Fucking asshole. “I’m trolling all you drywall folks.” Not really, but hey, if it helps you sleep at night, you trolled me Joe. Here’s a gold star, a juice box and someone earned themself an hour of TV time. Now, run along. He’s going to sand and skim coat because he wants the walls to be smooth. You don’t say? Gosh, tell me more! He’s going to wallpaper the ceiling? Um, is that a good idea? “Once we’re mudding a room, we’re pretty fricking far.” I’ll disagree on that, since, you know, you put 4 or 5 coats of mud on things. Also, you let 45 minute mud sit overnight because, um, Class A reasons? Seems like if it cures and dries that quickly you could get more than one coat done a day. Or, even better, do it correctly and not need that much. And we get a Marvel post-credits scene. Joe’s apparently demolishing and renovating upstairs and someone burst a pipe? Part of me thinks this is just him lying for sympathy or to say, “fooled you trolls.” But either way, pretty sure if that’s the case, you’d need a permit. Conclusion At least his content, what little it is, is now under 20 minutes. That was nice.

We’re off to see the retard, the wonderful retard named Joe! Time for another JDS video. The last one was such a feast of satisfaction for me, I hope Joe can keep it up for this next video. I know he can’t keep it up for Raney but maybe he will for me? 😉 Intro Damn, not even into the video. “I can’t believe I didn’t check that!” Well, that makes one person who didn’t. I’m sure the rest of us are never surprised by your fucktardery. It’s only 20 minutes, let’s take a deep breath, take a drink of water and focus. Not sure if he thinks this is an actual good idea or if he’s just attempting humor but he starts off by saying, “What is Columbus Day like in prison” is a video I should do. I think, Joe, you should leave the stupidly easy content to me. Legit thinking about doing a fake script for his videos, like, “What is X-day like in prison?” I bet I could do at least all seven days of the week and the content would be better than Joe’s. And I’ve never been to prison. He says the last APS video was “rugged” did he upload a different one. but he follows that up with, “Let’s debate a little bit.” Well, considering I’m shadowbanned on both channels, I don’t think you actually want debate. But, I’ll tell you what Joe, you want to debate? You DM me and we can debate on Reddit. I’ll even let you be sober and I’ll take at least two shots (we can negotiate beforehand). There it is, I’m throwing down the gauntlet, come at me. The landscape job, “is so in the fucking way.” Yeah, I can understand why the job that’s giving you reliable cash flow is in the way. Then, you say you put it off on Friday but then you want to talk about you handling your responsibilities. I know you gave it that bullshit caveat of you letting the grass grow, except, you do know that you can adjust the blade height on your mower, right? “All of that flooring was for the wet areas.” So nothing in Raney’s room? Joe is returning all the other flooring, good, he’s making a good decision for once. Wait, sorry, Raney is making some good decisions. “I’ll get a little bit of breathing room… on that credit card.” Yeah, you def need more breathing room. Interesting damage control here. He says that he said he was broke during flip 1 and he was more broke than he’d ever been. But that was like two years ago, so, how could he have been more broke? Wasn’t he balling out in 17,18? But now, their money is like Joe’s pants: getting tight. I don’t believe him for a second. His wife has gone back to work and Joe’s so desperate he’s paying market rates for workers. Joe, your actions don’t match your words. The windows have put a damper on things. And the light fixtures. Those total like $6k, that’s only 20% of your budget. I thought you’d only spent like $10k last month. So, $16k and Damon was making $16/hour and B9 was making $100/day, so let’s assume 40 hours at 5 days on average, we have $1,140/week x 4 weeks, we’ve got $4,560, so what’s that, just over $20k spent? How is it getting tight? Oh, I forgot, Joe lies. Silly me “I want this house to be as nice as a bitch.” Aww, Joe, I can never stay mad at you. I hope it’s as nice as me❤️ I guess this is Joe beginning to e-beg from his followers. “I don’t want to hear no comments saying, ‘Joe, you should be taking a day off.’” Not 30 seconds before you’re talking about risking it all and you think someone is going to recommend you take a day off? Landscaping There is no God. Since I had to see this and suffer, I need all of you to share in my pain. 🥺 Listening to the mower, that poor thing is begging to be put out of its misery. I’m sorry little mower. I’m sorry, you don’t deserve this treatment. Joe’s got a new video idea, “After Prison Pick Up Lines.” The only line I expect you, or really, your dumbass sycophants, would be the welfare line. No straight man talks about women this way, or how to get women or pick up women. 🏳️‍🌈 See Joe, it’s not hard (not until you make it hard 😉) you can just admit it. Heading to the Flip/At the Flip You know, i think it would be hysterical, and so Joe, if he mis-measured and bought more flooring than he needs, by like 10 or 20 boxes. “Oh shit, what a dreary day.” I say the same thing every time I have to watch you. I’m sure your wife says the same thing every day when she wakes up and you haven’t died of a heart attack or asphyxiated on your own neck fat. Joe leaves the landscaping gig at 11:40 and heads to Lowes. And now, at 1:30, he’s on his way back to Lowes. Really thought he was risking it all. Maybe he’ll just work past 3 or 4 to make up for it. Why didn’t he buy the switches the first time? fucking moron. Also, no $25 Matt. “Folks, i want you to know, this is the week we’re getting up them stairs.” Joe, I’m so proud of you. I know you’ve been working out and doing your best, but I believe you can make it up theme with only one heart attack or fainting spell. Joe replaced the switches by himself. “Son of a bitch! Dammit, I am dumb as hell!” Look at that, he can tell the truth! I wonder if Pinocchi-Joe’s penis gets smaller and/or more sterile with each lie he tells? Fan Drama The fan won’t turn on. Then Joe says, “WE blew up the switch.” Wait, what? Then he yells at Damon, “Do what I need you to do.” “What’s that?” “Pull the god damn cords.” AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA OMFG I fucking love this! The reason that the fan wasn’t turning on is because it was turned off. Poor Joe, poor little idiot. Nothing says, “Class A Contractor” like leaving a ceiling fan hanging from the wires, while it’s turned on. Joe, I know you’re not used to dealing with turned on things, but I’d expect you to know better. Also, Joe is replacing wiring now? Um, doesn’t that need to be permitted? Damon had to climb under the house to feed the wire up. Anyone have any insight into that? Someone said there wasn’t an outlet above the range, Joe opens the cabinets to reveal an outlet. I don’t know if it was always there or not, but, uh, pretty sure you can’t just run new outlets like that, right?

Joe’s waiting until near the end of my workday to post videos? Is it Christmas already? Thank you, Joe. To show my appreciation, I’ll take it easy on you: no fat jokes, no jokes about your incompetence, no jokes about your lack of business acumen, no jokes about your inability to talk and breathe like a normal person, no jokes about your fake flexing and no jokes about your sterility… Wait, that’s like, everything. Wow, never mind, I gotta have something to talk about. Intro I’m so conflicted already, Joe’s putting on a tool belt. I want to make fun of him, but he really does need a belt. Also, is this just more blue collar cosplay? Haven’t even started the video, deep breaths, deep breaths, focus on your breathing. “Ain’t no sense in having them working seven days a week.” Um, don’t you have everything riding on this house? Fucking hell, Joe, I need you to get a new schtick, my reviews are going to become as stale and as dated as your sperm and your wife’s barren uterus. “I’m going to Lowes, I gotta get a tool belt, if you’re doing this, you gotta have a tool belt.” Yup, more cosplay. Joe, you know, I have a socket set that I keep in my car and whenever I change my oil, I don’t wear coveralls and pretend to be a mechanic. But, I guess my self-worth isn’t tied up in appearing that I’m something I’m not. This is interesting: Raney picked out new flooring so they may have to take all the other flooring back. What’s more interesting is that she’s taking an active role in this flip now. Looks like she might’ve realized that Joe is all talk and, incoming sexist joke here, like always, a woman has to step in to get things done. Gulping like a fish out of water, I want to buy him an O2 tank to keep with him. Maybe that would help? Her solution, apparently, is to use high quality flooring and tile in the bathrooms. She’s def smarter than Joe. She must read this sub and pay attention to us. I mean, tiling a bathroom? Who’d ever think of such a thing? At the Flip, Post-Tool Belt Purchase Joe’s going to respond to some comment about Home Depot being for men and Lowes being for women. But Joe, which home improvement store is for whiny bitches? Ace? He’s going to do a comparison between Lowes and HD as a video. Joe, if you really want to know the difference, go to Google and search, “Lowes Investor Relations” in one tab, “Home Depot Investor Relations” in another. Pull their most recent 10-Q filing and the first paragraph after the statements will be a nice description of their business. Please, for the love of god, don’t do this, because I don’t want to be that board <— haha, get it? Tool Belt Fashion Show “Joe what you get done at the flip house today?” “I got my tool belt set up.” It’s probably more productive than most days. God, his body is soooo fucking weird! Like, if you can stand it, look at him dead on and he looks like, “Ok, kinda pudgy but in shape. The SECOND he turns more than 10 degrees, you’re like, “Whoa, where the fuck did that come from?!?” “I’m sweating just putting the tool belt together.” And panting. It’s a tool belt. Joe, you know, you could probably edit this stuff out. I also liked him complaining about it getting heavy with tools in it, like, Joe, did you think that these were lightweight? They’re tools. You should be used to that, you’re a heavy tool. Something interesting must’ve happened. I just realized that the last video was showing work on Thursday. There are now cabinets up and it’s Sunday. I wonder what happened in those missing days. I almost want to put up a CL post looking for $25 Matt. I’d LOVE to interview him and try to put my one journalism class to use. “I cranked the AC down and whenever I do, that electrical thing goes like that. <proceeds to make a circular motion with his hands> I don’t know what that means, but it’s probably not a good sign.” I think he’s trying to say that the electrical meter is recording the electrical use and with more use it’ll spin faster? Any Class A TikTokers here who can tell me what it means? “You may be wondering, ‘Joe, why did you get a tool belt?’ It’s not to flex.” Who considers an off-the-shelf tool belt a flex? I’m sure people who actually use them are proud of theirs and probably spend good money on them, but, um, that’s not really a flex. Joe’s rationale is that things will be easier to find if he has a tool belt. Duh? “As long as the switch is off, nothing’s hot.” Is that how electricity works? It might be, but if Joe says it, I don’t think it’s right. The sad part is, because this video was uploaded, we know he’s not dead. So that’s disappointing. Oh shit, Aly getting dark. “The first thing you want to do is put on this mounting bracket.” I should try and see if watching Joe counts for any Continuing Ed. credits with all the knowledge he be dropping on me. “It’s gonna be such a pain in the ass to get it off.” Poor Joe 2 hours later and he’s only removed the mounting bracket, installed the new one and he’s lost the tool belt and he’s got on his Dumbatello headband. He’s going to start a ceiling fan install business. No thanks, I’d like it to take less than two hours to install one ceiling fan. Joe seems to be anticipating negative comments and responding to them preemptively. It’s an interesting strategy, it doesn’t make for good or interesting content, but it’s an interesting strategy. This is the face of a man who is so completely lost and drowning. “Duh, how ceiling fan go work? I don’t get it, i said “boi doe” and nothing happen.” More than two hours in and Joe has to consult the instructions. AHAHAHAHAHA and here it is, Joe snapped at the ceiling fan, talking about how he can’t see the wires… AFTER chopping off like 90% of the excess wiring. I know he’s hard to watch, but from the 20:30 mark on, this is amazing. All of Joe’s anger and rage are coming out. He’s kicking stuff off camera, but you can hear it. I hope my neighbor doesn’t ask me why I’m giggling and cackling. This is the best. He can fake flex all he wants, he can make all the videos where he says things are good, but Joe, your actions always give you away. He’s singing “YMCA” I can’t make this shit up. Joe, are you close to coming out? Joe is teasing some great missed content. Apparently, someone blew up one of the switches in the kitchen. And Joe is mad. I cannot overstate this, like, wow, this is fucking amazing. I’m so happy right now. It may be under 40 degrees and cloudy but it might as well be a beach in Hawaii, I’ve got a margarita and the bartender and I are hitting it off because she’s just down here to make some money before going back to college at Smith. AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA, they let the two switches touch and I guess the electricity arced and blew it up. Fucking this is awesome! I’m crying laughing. This is even better because he was saying, in this very video, that you don’t have to shut off power before working on electrical, you just gotta make sure the switch is off. This is fucking epic, the bartender and I are now sharing witty banter and innuendo under the shade of palm trees, that’s how epic this is. Look, it’s Alfred Bitchcock, sorry that’s not my best work but I had to take this screenshot. Time to make fun of Joe some more. Apparently, both switches are bad, so he can’t test the fan. He bitches and moans about the fact that he’s done all this work. But why start with the fan? Why wouldn’t you replace the switches first? They take like a minute or two. Nope, Joe would rather be angry and dumb. Fucking moron. $2,500 for flooring. Let’s let that sink in, everyone, take a drink and savor it. Bye bye budget! Slow down Joe, you can’t keep dropping these things on me. Apparently, on Friday, they LOST a piece of siding. How do you lose siding?!? I’m so impressed with Joe right now. I’m so happy he posted this video, this just made my night! Also, his wife is now over at the house looking things over. AND he’s teasing that he’s going to max out his Lowes CC. Yes, yes, Joe, please do, I’ll FedEx you a shovel so you can dig this hole!!! “That’s it, sorry it wasn’t more productive.” We just found Joe’s new outro.

This is probably pretty meta, recapping a response to comments video. But, this should be some good fodder, let’s do this! Intro Is it self-aware humor that Joe’s green screen is a dumpster? Probably not, it should be on fire if it was self-aware. Sunday, at 7:45 in the morning? I was on a morning run, just in case you care, Joe. God damn, these little slips of honesty make me giggle. “Folks, I’m coming to you with a rejuvenated sense of urgency… I’m coming to you rejuvenated.” Sense of urgency? Why would you need that? Everything is Gucci, right fam? Joe is feeling better and rejuvenated because he’s not biting his tongue anymore. I mean, I’m sure he’s gotta bite it at least once or twice a day when he’s shoveling food into his mouth. I get that being authentic and honest is a good way to live your life, and for anyone reading this, live authentically, it’s so much better. Anyway, I get that Joe is trying this, but, um, Joe? The authentic you is a worse dirtbag than what we thought, maybe lie to us a little about who you are. “As amazing as my life has been, thanks to YouTube.” Interesting choice of using past tense there, Joe. Joe felt like a hostage to YouTube for six years, that he had to make videos and he had to perform. I guess when it was actually making money, you’d feel that way. Thank goodness you got that profitability monkey off your back, you’re no longer obligated to make videos that generate $20 in revenue. Whew, what a load off of you, Joe! He also felt like he had to bite his tongue and now he doesn’t have to. “Is it part of that kamikaze mindset? It might be a part of it.” Jesus, Joe, buy a girl a drink first before you start admitting things like this and confirming my armchair theories. God, I love Joe. I give him so much shit because he absolutely deserves it. But god damn do I love him. In the first four minutes you’ve confirmed my self-destructive theory and you think you’re going to bait me by calling yourself a “Class A Contractor/Master Carpenter.” Nope, you do you, boo bear. Comment Responses First comment was asking about the random stranger visits. And Joe just doesn’t have time for that. Really blunt answer, Joe. Is that you don’t have time or did you realize, after getting someone in trouble, that it was a shitty idea? gags Watching Joe talk about scissoring, gross. Ooh, this is a good one, “Is Joe able to make a video where he doesn’t mention how great he is?” Before I press play, let’s bet what his response will be. My money is on, “I can’t help it, I just am.” Or similar. Wait, this is new, Joe’s playing the victim. “It’s not egotistical, it’s not big-headedness, am I not allowed to have any confidence about myself.” 🥺 But Joe, what happened to you keeping it a buck one thousand or whatever? There’s a big difference between what you do and actual confidence. Confident people don’t need to flex their Hyundai purchases. “Dress for the job you want, not the job you have.” Based on your appearance… I’m going to say, bouncer at a strip club, but only on the weekdays and only before sunset. You scare the customers and the girls. “Look at Joe, why can’t I do the same damn thing?” Run a bottom of the barrel YouTube channel? I don’t like being on camera? I guess that’s my excuse. Or, I have a career? “If I had no YouTube money… no growing opportunity… how would I work?” If you’d like to see how he’d work, please check out Joe Does Stuff! Too easy. “I should start giving motivational seminars.” Too easy, next comment. See Joe, I ain’t biting, but you keep baiting. And now we get to watch him read a wall of text on how great he is. 😴🥱 Joe’s going to address things and he doesn’t care if it comes across as drama or for the views. Well, we know it’s not for the latter. 17 minutes in and we might get something interesting. He’s responding to someone who told him he needs to respect the people he hires. “You treat people with respect, no matter what, I totally agree with that.” Ugh, this poor dead horse. Lie. Y’all remember that MTV dating show, “Next”? The premise was there were four people on a bus and the person would start with one and when they got tired of them, they’d yell “next” and the next one would come out. I feel like that with Joe’s lies, I’m bored, NEXT! “I always treat people with respect, maybe it comes across as disrespect, you know, because I’m so open now.” I got nothing. Real question: are we watching someone have a psychotic break from reality? Like, really. The amount of difference between what Joe thinks is going on and what actually is going on, seems to be getting larger and larger. Is he having a nervous breakdown because of the flip? Could that be why he’s so urgent now, is actually paying people fair wages and, like, working? Or is this drug use? “We’ve gotten too soft as a world these days…” I mean, I get the argument he’s trying to make, but there’s a big difference between coddling people and being an asshole. Joe, there have always been sign-on bonuses. You wouldn’t know about them because, well, you have nothing of value to offer people. “There’s always some Joe Schmo on Craigslist.” Good plan, don’t build a loyal workforce. Joe’s going to be working on the flip by himself on Sunday because, “I got respect for the guys that work for me, i wouldn’t ask them to work on Sunday.” Or is it you don’t feel like, or cant, pay the $43.75/hour that they cost? No, please don’t let Joe become an after prison counselor. Yeah, you want to help people after prison, where were you when you were successful? And the final comment is about Joe’s hair. Joe’s too busy to get a haircut. “And I’ve lost quite a bit of weight from busting my ass.” The problem is, Joe, you found a whole lot more. Conclusion Something’s happened, Joe’s not producing good, bad content. These things are so dull. How is it, with all the vitriol that is spewed in the comments, he produces a 30 minute video with about 5 minutes of decent content? Edit: forgot to add the screenshot where I call him a strip club bouncer

Happy Sunday to everyone. While we’re relaxing, Joe be stackin’! Ok, this one’s thirty minutes, I can do this, gotta stay sober because I’ve got a dinner date tonight and I doubt it’s a good first impression to show up drunk and say, “Sorry, was drinking to get through a JDS video.” Intro Did he spell Damon’s name incorrectly? “I should’ve uploaded this video right after the Wednesday video. I made a statement and people got triggered.” Why do I feel Joe is trying to be alt-right/anti-SJW? But, like everything he does, he’s just off enough that it’s not genuine… almost like he’s a sociopath and has no idea how to relate to people and can only mimic real emotions, like the alien at the end of Annihilation. Don’t get me wrong, I’d mimic Natalie Portman too. Where was I? If I’m not mistaken, this is the second or third video where he’s tried to explain saying that it’s a good idea to, “Put the fear of God into them.” Joe, I’m wildly socially awkward and even I can tell you that the best move here is, wait, there’s two options: If you don’t believe that then state: Look, everyone knows I ramble and will say any damn thing that comes out of my mouth, I shouldn’t have said it, let’s move on. If you do believe it then move on, don’t acknowledge it, just power through, you’re a BOSS after all. The thing is, this halfway, trying to clarify thing doesn’t work for you. To say you’re lacking eloquence and the ability to clearly communicate is an understatement so massive, both you and your wife look skinny beside it. What’s really going on, and we can all see it, is that you believe it and you were expecting the ATM army to have your back. You wanted to see nothing more than a comments section filled with, “Fuck yeah, if they’re shitty, treat them like shit.” And “They need to know Joe’s the boss and he can employ anyone and they’re lucky to work with him.” But that didn’t happen and now you’re doing this apology tour thing to try and get those agreeing statements because you’re chasing that dopamine. Give up, honey, just go back to the flop house. “I’m sorry that it triggered folks.” Right, it’s our fault that we think that’s a horrible attitude, got it. And now he’s legit going to try and justify where that thinking came from. I know why Joe’s not working on the house as much, he’s too busy digging a hole for himself. “I don’t want to treat people like shit and I don’t treat people like shit.” Can we check the tape on that? fast forward five minutes Ta da! I knew he’d said this, from my other review, this is a quote from him, “I don’t treat people like shit, I think I treat people the way they deserve to be treated. If a person ain’t shit, then why should I treat ‘em any different than that.” Is this what I’ve come to? I’m now referencing older videos to make my points? Help me. Just wait, give it three more months and I’m going to be footnoting these things. Maybe I can go back to school and turn these in a Master’s Thesis? Wow and he doubles down on it. I’m equal parts horrified and elated. I’m horrified that Joe is worse than I ever thought and elated he’s actually saying it. So, um, a gold star for you, Joe? “I’m not trying to convince you of my success or failures.” I can’t. THEN WHAT THE FUCK HAS EVERYTHING YOU’VE DONE BEEN FOR? THE TESLA, THE HYUNDAI, THE KNOCK OFF DESIGNER GOODS YOUR WIFE BUYS. WHAT PURPOSE DOES IT SERVE, IF NOT TO SHOW OFF YOUR SUCCESS?!? I need to cry. Where’s my puppy? “In business, it’s all work and no play.” I can point to a dozen videos of yours that counter that argument. And you’re wrong anyway, I’ve had some baller company outings. I once worked for a bank and we had this abandoned office space on the floor below us. One day, our CEO says, “let’s go play dodgeball.” Now, I think he just wanted an excuse to throw stuff at us, but there were like 20 of us analysts playing dodgeball. If the new guy isn’t worth $25/hour, “we gonna nip that in the bud, real quick.” And by real quick, Joe means to let him work a full day, pay him and then call later and tell him not to come by again. Then make a video where he tells us all the things he wanted to say but didn’t and he’ll pretend like he did. At the Flip I’m watching Joe tear out old wood paneling, but like actual wood. Just why? Joe’s choice in music is vaguely terrifying. Like, I feel like someone is going to slit my throat in my office. Home Depot Trip Looks like Matt showed up. And apparently he’s a good worker, so good for him. Interesting thing, Joe starts talking about putting him to work on some sub-flooring… because of some rot. Now, I’m not Class A Contractor, but, um, rotted sub-flooring isn’t good, right? Lol, Joe’s referencing people giving him shit about criticizing him for not wanting to hear Tony’s life story. Joe, I’m so happy you read these ❤️ Weird, we’re back to rambling and no content. Thank goodness, my fingers are sore 😉 Lunch Time No, Joe, I’m not going to give you shit for comparing workers to strippers. I’m going to give you shit because your implication is that strippers aren’t hard workers. I was friends with an exotic dancer when I was younger and that woman worked her ass off. Work is work, Joe. All of it deserves respect. I don’t care what you do, you put in your 8 hours and you get your hustle and grind on, I got nothing but love. I love this, he thinks we found his CL ad. I mean, it’s probably easy to spot with all the “boi doe”s. He must be on here quite a bit and I love it. The Raise “Damon, your earned it today, I’m giving you a raise.” “That’s what’s up.” Said with all the enthusiasm of hearing that you got a sixth chicken nugget in your Wendy’s five-piece. “I’m gonna give you $18.75 an hour.” “I thought you was gonna tell me to raise my ass up on the ladder.” That’s a good raise, he deserves it, from what I see, it looks like he’s the only one really working. So, I’m happy that Damon’s getting paid. End of Day Wow, Joe managed to get two windows in. Maybe Joe’s working because now he has to live up to his bullshit? Good for him. I think the most notable thing in this video is the counter extension. Because, it’s sooo much better than just a straight 90 degree angle there. Looks like Joe found someone who doesn’t just roll over. This could be interesting. Also, we know Matt isn’t an idiot because it looks like he doesn’t want to be on camera. And another shout out to the DEMFs in the subreddit. “Someone said I wasn’t even worth the $12/hour I was paying everyone else.” I think we all said that, so go us! Conclusion I’m scared. I feel like this new guy is going to force Joe to live up to his bullshit and that means less Lazy Joe. Which means, these recaps won’t be as funny. Also, something’s really wrong with Joe, there was so much rambling of nothing. God dammit, start thinking and talking again, I need content! Somewhat hungover from last night, but that doesn’t stop Joe from uploading, so I’m here. I’m going to try something kinda different, we’ll see how it goes. Intro Well, we’re in the truck to start off. And Joe’s admitting to reading the subreddit again. “A lot of people are talking about us only doing one window per day.” Right, because we’d expect that you’d get better, you’d learn from experience and be faster the next time. People who work together generally develop a system. Of course, that requires them to work together, not just one film and pant while the other works. I love that Joe is the verbal equivalent of one of those ball rack things you put on your desk. He talks about how he’s only getting one window done per day and we don’t understand that there’s so much more than just popping it out and putting in a new one. Then we swing, 30 seconds later, to, “It’s not like any of the work is particularly hard and we’ve gotten faster at it.” So which is it? Joe be calling out Home Depot, he’s got nothing good to say about them. If only he had an actual audience, that might matter. I bet I could influence more people by doing my morning run and yelling, “Home Depot sucks!” “If you say you’re going to deliver something on a day, you have to deliver it on that day.” Like how you said you could deliver your wife some viable sperm? Joe’s going to call people off Craigslist because he thinks it might be interesting. I’ve got some videos on the APS channel that would beg to differ that you calling people is good and interesting content. But, and now it’s time for some analysis, this doesn’t make any sense and really goes to my theory that he wants to fail and/or is self-sabotaging. Why would you call people looking for work, during the day? Like, the time to have called these people would’ve been the night that they messaged you, feel them out (not up, Joe) and see if they could show up the next day. You’re pushing yourself back by days, when, in your own words, you need to have this house done by end-of-month. Look, Joe, just throw a Molotov cocktail through the window next Sunday night and be done with it. I’m sure the home is insured for $300k, just do it and blame the trolls. And let’s be honest, there’s some good content to be made on, “Joe Burns Things”. Joe just keeps loose nails in the drawer of his toolbox. Is he a cartoon character? I know he’s a joke, but he’s like a bumbling cartoon carpenter come to life. “I found some wood on Facebook Marketplace that I was interested in.” Is that where everyone went when Craigslist shut down their Casual Encounters section? Random Thoughts Something is really off with Joe today. This is bordering on like, “Honest Joe” territory. His demeanor and movements are different: they’re more controlled and quiet. There’s less panting, it’s a little disconcerting. There’ve been a few of these instances of real truth and I wonder if reality is barging into Joe’s head finally and now he’s trying to actually work. Back to the Video and the Flip Wow. I wish I knew someone who studied psychology to watch Joe. First thing back at the flip house and now that Damon is here, Joe’s whole attitude, affectations and everything has changed. He’s even panting, loudly. Is the panting that Joe started doing because he thinks that’s how working people breathe or is he trying to give the appearance of working and panting is the way to do that? He really is interesting to observe. Calling People from CL Apparently, Joe is getting a few messages from people who know it’s him. I want him to call Goats or someone else from the sub. And now that Damon isn’t around, he’s being remotely professional on these voicemails. It’s so weird. I wonder what’s happened, my guess is the wife decided that Joe needed to bust his ass. Another weird thing is that he’s working in between calls. What the fuck is this, Joe being efficient? I know I started this review sober, but I might need to drink. First guy he gets ahold of says he’s already found work. Two things: first, Joe, this is why you should call people before you want them there. Second, if that’s one of y’all, I <3 you! Watching Joe leave voicemails is more fun to watch than the random stranger visits. Because with each voicemail, it’s one more nail in the XL coffin that is Joe’s future. Dark? Yes. And another oblique confession from JPG. Says he was having a deep conversation with Damon about Facebook and the whistleblower. (Not going to make the gay joke, but it’s there). And he said that Facebook doesn’t care about you, they only care about their profits. And he follows that up with, “And, I mean, come on man, that’s anything in the world.” Including you, Joe? Joe, legit, DM me and I’ll edit your videos and, since I know you don’t have money to pay me, I can try and swing it as I’m volunteering my time to help a mentally handicapped person. The co. I work for would probably let me use my VTO to do it, it’ll be a win-win! Post CL Calling And another rant about how Home Depot is slowing down the flip. I love how nothing is ever his fault. Joe, there’s a whole rest of the house you could be working on. Why is it mission critical that you work on these windows? Why not go work on the kitchen? Why not start tearing out the stuff upstairs? Why not prime the living room? How is it that someone with ADHD can’t do multiple projects at once? I know it wouldn’t be done well, but I’m not expecting quality work, and neither is your audience. You should be bouncing around and working on what you can. I feel like Joe’s really going to try this food truck idea. He’s rambling about cleanliness and customer service. These are too easy, like, can you imagine the epic meltdown Joe would have the second Karen complains about her food, or that Joe got her order wrong? He’d make Kitchen Nightmares people look like professionals. And cleanliness? I don’t think that’ll happen. Not to mention how gross it would be to have Joe cooking food. You wouldn’t need any salt because he’d sweat in it so much. Running to Home Depot and Back to the Flip “Thank god I looked up which Home Depot they were at.” You were just going to randomly drive to a Home Depot in VA Beach? That would’ve been quality content, especially when he gets angry and tries to take it out on the poor employees. “If you want something done right, you gotta fucking do it yourself.” Damon is right there, Joe. Still can’t tell if it’s plaster, sheetrock or drywall. Class A Joe! “Can you see any butt joints? No, because it’s a Level 5 finish and I learned how to do it on TikTok. Except for right there, that needs a little sanding. So, it’s a Level 4.5 finish? Or did you do what I did my senior year at TTU and just take a bunch of filler classes? No shade, sometimes you need a class in billiards. Lunch Time Joe feels like he’s cursed and that the failure of Home Depot to deliver windows is the latest curse-related tragedy to befall him. He might be on to something there. Maybe he is cursed and the universe sterilized him to make sure the curse stopped with Joe? I’m rolling with that until proven otherwise. Potential new guy is wanting $25/hour and Joe said he’d give it a go. First, you don’t say, “give it a go.” Only Mike is allowed to say that, so you keep his words out your mouth. Second, and more seriously, how desperate is Joe? I mean, one of his major triggers was us calling him out on his shitty pay. And now he’s paying market rates for skilled labor? “If you a skilled guy, $25/hour seems like it’s gonna be what it’s gonna be.” I’m floored. Wait, there’s the old lying Joe. “If he can work, while I’m working, then damn.” Uh, I was kinda drunk last night but I’m 99% sure you said that only bosses with a “worker mentality” do the work that their employees do and that no employee respects a boss who does the same work? So which is it? Please, please film you telling him he’s replaceable. And now I’ve got to watch Joe eat and that weird attitude is back, “I’m not batting an eye when people tell me what they want to make, I’m saying, ‘ok’.” I feel like he’s building a case in his own mind that paying people what they want to make is somehow bad. And, that ball analogy from earlier comes back to mind, he swings from one extreme to the other. “Make your workers fear you, make sure they know they’re replaceable and they should be grateful for what I pay.” To, “Oh, I’ll pay you what you want.” Moderation Joe, in all things. Straight ladies, gay guys and any non-binaries into dudes, feast your eyes on this hunk of testosterone and masculinity. How none of y’all are beating a path to his door is beyond me. Might show this at a Christian conversion camp, Joe will make the gay go away! Watching Joe talk and eat cold taco soup. I’m sorry for being such a cunt. I’ll be better. I’ll do better. I’ve learned my lesson. I’ll be nicer. He asks the guy, if he’s so skilled, why isn’t he working and the guy says he just wants to work and doesn’t want to bother with paperwork. And Joe says, “I understand that, there’s so much responsibility that comes with that shit.” He should love it with you, I don’t think you’ve ever filled out paperwork you weren’t forced to. This “stressed business owner” and “panicked working man” cosplay Joe has going on rings more hollow than the Bell of Awakening on top of the Undead Parish. Like, no one can honestly believe Joe wakes up at night, worried about the windows or has any concerns related to the business. Back to the Flip Poor Joe, he’s got a blue collar war wound. He pricked his hand with a screwdriver. Probably should take the rest of the week off to rest. Y’all don’t know how bad he has it. “Yeah man, these are some working man hands.” I’m so glad I’m not in the trades, because I think I’d rip my hair out hearing Joe talk like this. Although, one time, I developed a tiny callus on my middle finger. I was spending 6-8 hours a day, five days a week, writing some code. Truly, Joe, I know the struggle. And now I’m watching Joe suck and then spit. Joe, can you follow through on anything? Don’t be a quitter. “We started on this window at 11 and it’s every bit of 2:30.” Ok, so if it takes 3.5 or 4 hours to do one window, why aren’t you doing two/day? Sorry, I forgot, you’re working hard. “I could do all this shit myself but if I could have some help, that’d be nice, right?” You keep saying that but it seems like Damon does the majority of the work. Conclusion Have a great Saturday everyone! Thank you for your kind words <3

Apology Time: I'm sorry if my other title came across as bitchy or put-upon, like, i don't feel that way at all, i love this sub and i'd hate to think that people thought i was a total bitch. so, i've deleted it and re-posted. I hope everyone finds something funny in here <3 Gin & juice in hand, it’s Friday and we know what that means? It means that if you haven’t listened to Becky Black’s “Friday” at least once today, you’re not living your best life. It also means that we’re getting a drunken panda review of an APS video. Let’s see how long this takes, the last video was like 32 minutes and I did the recap in like an hour? Hopefully this will be faster. Intro God dammit, haven’t even clicked the video yet. “Some hard lesson you’ve learned.” Oh, I bet they were some hard lessons. Ok, calm down, keep the “Dick/Joe stuck in the closet jokes to fewer than 10”. #Goals “I feel like sharing shit with you all.” God, we know you do. “I want to motivate, I want to inspire.” Fuck me, I really, really regret using that line in a comment earlier. But, unlike Joe’s sperm, I try to keep these reviews fresh. (Aly, that’s your second dick joke in 47 seconds, slow down) He wants to encourage people to stay out of trouble and to fight addiction? When? Like, just when? When has he ever done that? Like the first 10-20 videos? Seriously, I’m 1:03 in and want to scream, where’s my gin? “I just always wanted to see people do better.” If by “people” you mean yourself, then yes, I completely agree. I made it four seconds before the next snarky entry. Is it bad if I start just drinking from the bottle? “If I’m going to share APS and my new channel, JDS, with the world, I want it to be for something.” I’m shaking with rage at the sheer chutzpah (for my Jewish friends) that he’s saying this with a straight face. I’m so… I don’t even know, flabbergasted? Rage-gasted? How the hell does Joe, of all people, manage to inspire new emotions in me? I’m supposed to be frigid. I can’t keep responding to this motivational bullshit, I’ll be here all night, so let’s just say that for the motivational stuff, Joe’s as full of shit as Raney’s womb is empty. (Not a dick joke, I’m counting that as a womb joke) We’re getting life lessons from him and his businesses? Wait, did he learn anything? He does the same fucking things over and over again. Why am I watching this? Where did I go wrong? I must’ve really done something bad in a past life. I should’ve focused on math or science in college instead of wanting to be an artist and express myself. Life Lessons “I’ll make some mistakes but that’s part of trying to learn.” BUT YOU MAKE THE SAME ONES!!!!!!! There’s no “learning” going on. Fuck, I need another drink. God dammit, I’m so mad. He’s working on a budget for the flip? Did I? Where am I? What universe is this? Do y’all remember the show “Sliders”? That was hella fun and just a happy sci-fi adventure. Like, I feel like I’m on a parallel Earth with the way he’s talking. Save me, Q-Ball. Also, Maggie was like my first butch crush. “Let this motivate you.” Joe, believe it or not, you absolutely motivate me. You help me write, almost every day. I set goals for myself like: go to the gym every weekday, make sure you hit your protein goal, write a little every day. And you inspire me to hit all of those because I never want to hit rock bottom to the point where you think you have a chance in hell at me. After your wife leaves you that is, or before, because I wouldn’t put it past you to try and cheat on your wife. And now we’re getting a mea culpa on his whole, “make your workers fear you” bullshit. I get why he’s putting it on APS. Because these have to be the only people that will buy this, in any way. “I’m not saying this is my tactic.” Well, point to the employees that you have that would go out of their way for you. Point to the employees that would say, “Oh, him? Yeah, he’s a great guy, I’d do anything to help him, drop of a hat.” You can’t. Damon is the human equivalent of a kicked puppy: show him any kindness or anything NOT abuse and he’ll love it forever. This “justification” makes no sense. He legit says, “treat other people the way you want to be treated, yes, I agree.” Ok, if you agree with that statement and the sentiment behind it, the thought of using fear to motivate fellow human beings should NEVER cross your mind. It’s only crossing what passes for your mind now, because of the blowback you received, and you need every one of those 6,000 views to keep you eating off the BK grown up menu. “Most of the guys that work for me are here today, gone tomorrow.” Gosh, I wonder why that is? I bet if we put our heads together Joe, we could come up with a solution. I need more gin. I’m going to scream. Regarding the people getting pissed off, he states (and fuck, I’m gonna have to watch this multiple times to get it right, I hope you’re happy, you know who you are), “So many people have the ‘worker’ mentality.” So, because I think you should try to be a good person, a good boss and encourage people through respect to work their best, I have a worker mentality. First off, no. Second off, fuck you. Third, here’s the real response, wanting to be decent and create a positive workplace is not a “worker mentality”, you ignorant fuck. It’s trying to create long-term, happy, successful employees who, spoiler alert dumbfuck, they will make you happy and successful in the long-term. “Everyone should want to be a boss.” God, this is gonna be a long (something Raney’s NEVER said with Joe, that’s dick joke #3). No, people should want to work for themselves and be an owner, if that’s what they want. A “boss” is the 19 year old at Chick-Fil-A who does the timecards for the 16 year olds. That’s a boss. An owner, and a successful one, builds something, creates value for others and creates opportunities for those they employ. This is why you’re a failure Joe: you aspire to nothing more than to be over people and to be the supervisor at Burger King. And even that’s too good for you. KYP Joe, Know.Your.Place and I can’t wait for you to find out what it is. “I didn’t know how to be a boss until I became a boss.” Fine, fair enough, we all have our first managerial job. And yes, we all fuck it up, unless you’re an MBA or are one of those few people who have the gift of leadership. But again, and I’m beating this dead horse like you beat that dead, sterile dick of yours (#4), YOU HAVEN’T LEARNED A GOD DAMN THING!!!! I’m at the 10 minute mark and I’m making a prediction: this video is going to be nothing but him justifying his Dickensian/Worst-Part-of-the-Industrial-Revolution mentality and why he can punch down at his employees. And, for anyone wondering, this is now over 1,200 words. “When you become a boss and you’ve never been a boss, sometimes, you’re going to treat people like you’ve been treated.” Right, then you learn that that’s fucking stupid and you correct. Or, and I know this will blow your peanut brain, you resolve to NOT be like the terrible bosses you’ve had. I think I’m right about the thesis of this video. And I’ve moved onto a vodka screwdriver for those of you who want to drink along with me. I can’t. Also, take a shot for every time Aly says, “I can’t.” “Up until now, my skill has been laborer, now I’m a Master Carpenter and a Class A Contractor.” I’m just gonna let that sit there. Really, really hate this. I can’t. (take a shot). I might have a stroke. Like, legitimately worried I’m going to have a stroke. I should text my manager and tell her if I’m not in on Tuesday, I’m probably dead. “I don’t treat people like shit, I think I treat people the way they deserve to be treated. If a person ain’t shit, then why should I treat ‘em any different than that.” I can’t (shot). Did I miss a video where Joe just decided he was going to be an asshole and not hide it. You treat people with kindness and respect because it’s the moral thing to do. If they’re shitty people, then you fire them and move on. But you don’t keep them around as punching bags. What the everloving fuck is wrong? I’m only 11 minutes in and already downed one glass of gin & juice. “You can’t be above the work.” Is Joe smarter than we thought? Because this video seems tailor made to make me mad. I can’t (shot). Joe’s legit saying that if you do the work they do, if you get in the trenches with them, that they won’t respect you and will take advantage of you. Well, Joe, if you actually did work, they wouldn’t. Your problem is, you think you’re in the trenches with them when you’re filming and running your mouth. That’s not doing the same job, that’s not leading from the front, that’s not servant leadership. That’s you being a lazy, fat slob and expecting respect just because you’re the boss. Respect is earned, not given. He’s talking about the cleaning business and how $700 a week for being the boss wasn’t good because he had to be out in the field. Joe, pookie, you do know that as a boss you have to work and when you’re a small business owner, that often means you’re working alongside your employees. Motherfucker. I’ve had conversations with small biz owners that would break your heart. Good people working 16-20 hour days, 7 days a week, trying to keep their dream alive and us trying to get them loans/funding. And then this fat, sterile fuck (fuck it, I’m now buzzed, that’s dick joke #5) complains about having to work a few hours a day? Fuck off. “The grind is for real.” Right, because you spend 3 hours a week on landscape, and, fuck I’ll be generous, 35-40 hours a week on the flip house, and 10 hours on videos that you’re grinding? You don’t know what the fuck a grind is. I work at least 50-60 hours a week, sometimes more, and there are plenty of small biz owners who would kill to only work your schedule. Fuck you. Also, Aly gets a little foulmouthed when she’s been drinking. There’s a common theme, he’s now talking about the moving company and that it’s hard and that there’s competition and the only way to compete is on price. Fucking dumbass. Joe, here’s my free advice, and trust me, you should listen to me: go buy and read, or have someone read it to you, “Start With Why”. It will explain why competing on price is stupid. You think Apple competes on price? Fucking moron. This whole fucking video is about how Joe is the victim, Joe was offering to do work at a fair price but people just couldn’t see it. Joe was doing well, but the trolls ruined it. Blah, blah, blah. God, I miss Ke$ha. “Get up every damn day and do what you’re supposed to do.” Says the man, and I use that term loosely, who admitted on the last JDS video that he just didn’t get to the landscape job this week because, well, he didn’t get to it. “Handle your fucking responsibilities. That’s what I do.” I want to cry. Why did I watch this? My soul hurts. “I got a lot of growin’ to do but I’m tryin’ to get there.” We’ve seen the results, probably should stop eating at BK. Not your wife, well, we know you don’t go down on her. You’re the kind of guy who would try to put his entire mouth over his wife and think that’s impressive. It’s only impressive to guys when you can fit the whole thing in your mouth (haha, closet joke #1, 5 in total, still in budget) “I use all of my own money (re: flipping houses)” No, you don’t. We know that BK kicked you 30g to fund this renovation and we know, from your own words, that you financed part of it. “It’s tying up all of my money, when I could be doing other things.” Like sampling different fast food restaurants, sampling different races of male escorts (#6) or paying a real man to fuck my wife. That’s the only thing keeping him from starting a food truck. Right, that’s the only thing, not the fact that NO ONE wants to buy food from you or your crackhead friends. Naw, it’s the fact that you’re such a baller that you’re tying up your money in the flip. Got it. Y’all, your girl is fucking drunk! OMG he’s gonna do a food truck next, I can’t wait. Wait, maybe I’m too drunk to understand but Joe says don’t do the work yourself, doing all the work yourself, having to find guys and keep them. Hang on, so if you aren’t doing it yourself and you’re not finding employees, um, how do you make money? Those $100 bills don’t fuck each other and make little $1 bills that grow up to be $100 bills. I’m lost. Or drunk. Or both. Lost on the first, I think I remember him saying he made money, whatever. But he thinks he’s going to win big on flip 3… AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA ok, sure, but here’s the reason why he’s not going to win big on F3, not cause he’s a fucktard, nope, get ready… Taxes, capital gains shit. I’m so waiting for Joe to try and explain taxes to me or like tax policy, fuck me, I’m fucking drunk. This is how I psend my Friday nights, I should go to a bar, or date, being single fucking SUCKS, I hate it so much, but I’ve got my dog, he loves me, he doesn’t get mad that I do things without checking to see if we have plans…. I’m not bitter “Nobody left you better than when they met you, if that’s the case, they did it to themselves.” I love this victim mentality shit. Fucking hell, like how did he get married? Like, I wanna have a talk with his wife, like girl, level with me, what the hell is your plan? Cause like, it can’t be brains, looks, dick (#7, I think) or anything like that. Ohhh, she went all true crime and has like 3 life insurance policies on him, that’s why she lets him eat so unhealthy, fucking respect, girl! “Always try to be professional and keep it professional.” Man, Joe would be so much better off if he could follow this dollar store calendar advice. TLDR: For Goats: Joe's the victim and it's totes cool to treat people like shit if they work for you! Happy Friday Eve and His Lardship has blessed us with a new video! I love when he waits until I’m almost done with work to upload. It really made the last hour or so go by so quickly because I couldn’t wait to get my daily dose of social media syphilis. Intro “Be nice to know how today’s going to turn out, be nice to predict the future.” So, you can’t predict the flip on weekdays, but you do have feelings on college football games that you conveniently don’t bet on… 😉 😉 Joe, you better hope this flip sells for a lot of money because you’re going to be back to being a day laborer because if you had to work somewhere that required you to follow through on your predictions, you’d be fired. Whatevs, let’s do this. I don’t get throwing shade and Jello-Pop. But then again, I don’t understand anything Joe does. I will say this, Joe has been good for my career because he’s helped me learn there just how bad some fucktards can be. I’m not gonna pay him for that training but I thought I’d shout him out. “I was on the run at one point in my life.” God, Joe, if you weren’t married, I’d let you hit on me. The way you set me up is sooo good. You should be a dating coach with these set ups, like a white trash Hitch. Ready? Joe, it must’ve been a long time ago because you definitely don’t run now. “My cover story was, ‘I’m Tony from NC, I do construction, I’m just here on vacation.’” Cute story, way too convenient, oh, sorry, that’s a lie Fuck, sometimes, you just wanna believe him. “I’ve got 100 people from Craigslist that have reached out to me.” Joe, you know you’re supposed to be talking about your job posting, not your M4M posting. Joe’s paying $35 to have windows delivered because he doesn’t want to drive somewhere. Wait, what? You’re turning down filming in the truck instead of working? Maybe Joe’s really turned over a new leaf. I was going to comment that this is a pretty mundane four minutes in and then Warren Fluff-it over here starts gulping for air, while talking and driving. One of these days, little things like this won’t bother me, but until then, I have to correct this. Joe states that three windows cost him $770 and they need 18 windows and that’s $6,000 in windows. No, Joe, it’s not. That’s an average price per window of $256.66 x 18 = $4,620. Fucking hell, this is some basic math. No wonder you’re broke. Oh, and Joe will be adding that onto the price tag of the house. He wants everyone to know that that cost will be on there. Well, duh? I mean, what business incurs an expense and doesn’t pass it on to their customers? I guess Jeff Bozos here doesn’t understand that you want your revenue to exceed expenses. Makes sense given his past decisions. “Tony Twenty Dollars that’s gonna be my nickname for him.” Clever. At the Flip There’s something wrong with Joe. (I know, I know, wait for me to finish my thought!\) I can’t put my finger on it, so this is probably going to be some stream-of-consciousness, wait, that’s all these recaps are, fuck, focus Aly. There’s something wrong with the glee that Joe has when he talks about Tony not showing up, getting to call him on camera and, probably, bitching him out. Like, I don’t get it. The guy sounds like a good guy, sounds like he can really help but the look of anticipation on Joe’s face… it’s like he WANTS Tony to not show up. Like, he wants another reason things aren’t his fault and he revels in failure. I think, and this is pure speculation on my part, I think he’s subconsciously self-sabotaging. I think he’s a miserable person and if he blows this up, he probably feels like he can start over: no wife, no YouTube pressure, just Joe. Someone with construction experience needs to check the math on this: Joe wants to do a J-channel on the bottom at 90 degrees, so flat end right? Then he wants the vertical sides to come down and meet the bottom one, but the verticals will have a 45-degree angle, um… That doesn’t work, right? “I don’t think you can use your 45s on each piece.” Ok, I can answer this, maybe. You need 45s because 45+45 = 90, which is the angle of the corner of the window. Am I just dumb? Is Joe smarter than me about windows? “Forget J-Channel and skim coating…” Right, forget all the things that are what a quality workman would do, or, dare I say it, the things a real class A contractor would do… oh snap! Calling TDT K, so TDT doesn’t answer the phone and the look on Joe’s face. I don’t know, there’s too much weird happiness there. It’s like he knows he’s SUPPOSED to be upset but this failure also helps him be the victim and it’s this weird conflict. Maybe I’m reading too much into it but something’s wrong. I’m really out of my depth on this. I don’t really analyze people, but if I had to guess, I’d say that Joe is using the fact that he agreed to $20/hour and the guy doesn’t show up, as justification for his previous thinking of, “$12/hour is good enough, I’m the generous one.” “… try to get some other labor over here, it would definitely help Damon… and I.” You could’ve just stopped at Damon. Guy’s already popped out a window in like 20 minutes. Wait, why the hell does it take you all day to do one window? Joe, are you the one holding Damon back? I think you are! Post Tony “I had no faith in Tony this morning.” Then why make the offer? Fucking hell, it’s like trying to analyze the decisions of a five-year-old. Jesus! Joe, please don’t do this again. I feel like this is the POV: “You’re being raped by a washed-up YouTuber.” But hey, Joe, that’s a TikTok trend you could get in on. “No one wants to work.” What happened to the “100 guys off Craigslist”? Was that really your M4M post? I was just kidding on that. What happened to the “20 guys who messaged you”? Is it that people don’t want to work or that they don’t want to work for you? I’m guessing the latter. And you want to blame unemployment? Joe, they ended the bonus unemployment in VA on 9/4/2021, more than a month ago. That’s probably not why they don’t want to do your shitty job. If only there was a solution to this problem, if only we could see what the answer is… wait! It’s right there, in a high-vis, orange shirt, like a retarded piece of candy corn come to life, that’s the answer! Joe, you had the answer inside you all along! And onto PPP. Round 2 of PPP ended months ago Joe and unless people were sole-props/independent contractors, individuals weren’t eligible for it. And, it only covered 2.5 months of salaries. So, even if they’d gotten PPP, hell, let’s also say they qualified for an EIDL grant, that money is gone by now. You uneducated fuck. I’m so mad that someone else made a bukkake joke, especially since Joe had set me up perfectly for it with the 100 guys from CL. I still love you though, that’s quality work 😊 No, Joe, I wasn’t mad at you for saying you learned to be a drywaller from TikTok. I’m honestly more irritated with you for your shitty behavior, misrepresenting yourself and qualifications and taking advantage of people. But hey, gotta tilt at those windmills, right? Dumb Quixote. “A building supplies delivery service.” Ok, no one tell him. Let’s let him be happy and satisfied, 1, 2, 3, 4. Joe, Uber and Lyft already have package delivery services, in face, your girl here did Uber/Lyft while I was trying to get my business running during the pandemic and I delivered a TON of auto parts and construction materials in my little station wagon. But, hey, good on you for coming up with something a few years late. Weird, you’re always late on things… but your wife is never late, is she? “Lowes Uber” maybe you could call it Luber? “I don’t want to run to the store; I’d rather be here getting the job done.” Press X to doubt. I wish I could view the world through Joe’s eyes. I want to know how dumb/ignorant does he think his viewers are? “By the time this house is done, how many man-hours have I spent going to Lowes.” Well, I’d say zero since, you know, men can get women pregnant, and you can’t do that. But that’s an easy joke. Here’s what I love about this idea. And I know he’s doing this to get a rise out of people, but I love that he’s like, “Oh, delivery fees sucks, and delivery windows suck, blah, blah, blah.” Joe, honey, how are you going to make money if you don’t charge that fee? Are you saying that Joe thinks of ideas, does them and thinks about money later? Why yes, yes, I am. “I love this shit, I love doing this type of work, I’m not being sarcastic.” Your body language, tone, facial expressions and actions would beg to differ. If you have to say it… Lunch Time/Troll Time I kinda want one of those pizzas. For $5, that’s a decent gas station pizza lol. “Only food in town” Gosh, if only there was some kind of container where you could store your mid-day meal, or lunch. Like some kind of box for lunch? That’s a billion dollar idea, Joe get on that! “Let me get to the point of this video.” Well, better late than never. It’s only 21:52 in, glad we’re getting to the point now. “A troll threatened me.” This should be good. “Why would someone even do that to me?” Poor Joe. He’s always a victim. But, since this is remotely serious: I did not threaten Joe. I prefer to cut him apart with my words. So, if you did threaten him, don’t do that. It’s not a good look. Ok, now that I did my grown-up disclaimer: no one sent him an email. If they had, he’d have immediately contacted the local authorities. He wouldn’t be talking about it publicly because it’d jeopardize the investigation and he wouldn’t talk about bringing in a PI. I guess calling Joe cheap is how you get under his skin because he transitions from the email with, “I thought everyone liked me, I’m trying to hire people and give them whatever they want, pay them whatever they want.” Joe, you’re cheap and, just like your sperm count, your ability to find talent is 0. I will say, Joe claiming that trolls are lining his pockets is an interesting claim. Fuck it, let’s say that’s the case. If it was, why isn’t he titling the videos, “You won’t believe what this TROLL said!”? That would be how you’d generate clickbait. So, just like everything else in your life, you fail at clickbait, you fail at capitalizing on free publicity and a chance to be the victim. How the fuck someone does that is truly amazing. “I’m sorry you hate your life so badly, you see me living so awesomely.” If you’re talking to me, I don’t hate my life. And, if I wanted to live on debt, I’m pretty sure I could do that too, probably better than you #DebtFlex “All you’re doing is giving me titles for videos.” Not this one, but… shrug Back at the Flip “None of this is drywall, this is plaster! Actually, I can’t tell.” Ladies and gentlemen, JPG II, Class A Contractor! “I can’t stand being lied to.” I suppose if you have an EQ greater than a gnat, you could take this as a lesson and change the way you treat people… never mind. Why is he calling Home Depot to bitch about the windows not being delivered? He said it came from Lowes. Joe has no faith in other delivery services save Amazon but he’s going to start one. God help anyone that orders from Joe’s “Luber Delivery.” Also, can this video just end?

Happy Hump Day, friends. Time to watch Joe stumble through the flip, again. ON today’s adventure, Joe will be trying to find some new help. Will he pay a fair wage or will he be looking to scrape the bottom of the Craigslist barrel like he scrapes the floor of the local glory hole for one last snack? I think this recap is gonna be kinda blue. Intro A neighbor came up to Joe and said he’s trying to fix his fence, not sure why he’s coming to Joe or maybe I’m not understanding him through his sausage lips. But whatever, Joe says he might have access to a tractor to help him. “I hate to say this, but I hate overextending myself, overreaching, over-offering is a good way to put that, trying to be nice.” I’m convinced Joe says these things to drive me insane. Joe, I’m sure people can accuse you of lots of things, overextending yourself to be nice, I guarantee is not one of them. Not gonna have Damon today. This is gonna be a five trip to Lowes kinda day. “My top guy being late.” You’re only guy. Unless he’s your top… 😉 No shade Joe. But can you imagine Joe as a power bottom? My god that’d be insufferable. “We could be going and getting materials this morning.” Why can’t you go? I’ve been to Lowes and Home Depot and whenever I’ve had a bunch of stuff, they’ve offered to load my car for me. Or are you just so despised that the free service they offer, they won’t do for you? Joe’s got a new series idea, “Day Laborer from Craigslist.” Because it’s not enough to abuse ex-prisoners, nope, you now need to go after people looking for work on Craigslist. I’d suggest that you be careful on that since you’re about to be a day laborer yourself. Unless you become a prostitute, which, well, you’ll still be getting customers and laborers off Craigslist. Post Intro / 2nd Truck Ride It’s 8:30 but he said that he’s been over there for 45 minutes, but he opened the video telling us the time of 7:46… God, these lies are too easy to spot. Might be a fun drinking game, 1 shot every time Joe tells an obvious lie. Don’t do it though. Now he’s off to Lowes to pick up sanding pads. I hope Damon realizes how much he’s fucking over Joe by not being ready to work. “I need some help.” No, you need someone you can treat as a slave. Oh boy, Joe had a thought this morning. Mark that on your calendar. “You wanna know how you keep employees, maybe, this is just a, uh, possibility, you make sure that they know that they’re job, that they’re replaceable.” That’s brilliant management strategy. Jesus, good to know that despite the weight gain, smoking and possible drug use, Joe’s ego is as fit as ever. Apparently, if an employee doesn’t fear that they’re replaceable, they won’t work for you. Just wow. In a previous position, I managed a team of analysts. Just three people and yeah, they were absolutely replaceable; everyone is. But the point is to make them feel that they are valuable and put them in situations where they can succeed and prove why they’re valuable to the organization. I would never tell a direct report that I can replace them. Hell, I’m completely replaceable, we all are. But you’re talking about using fear to motivate. Good luck, that won’t motivate people, beyond a certain point. The reason, Joe, that your employees are showing up when they want is because they don’t respect you. Now, follow me here, they don’t show up on time or on any kind of schedule because YOU don’t show up on time or work a consistent schedule. It comes from the top, you can argue and bitch that it’s different because you’re the boss, and you’re right, it is. The problem is that it’s hypocritical to demand people be on call 24/7 for your $12/hour and then you work 30 hours a week. The current place I work, I absolutely love. I love the people, I love the mission, I love all of it. But, I know I’m replaceable and it isn’t that fear that motivates me. I’m motivated because I buy into the vision. I see the goal and am working towards it, not because I’m running from being fired. If you want to motivate through fear, it just means you’re incapable of selling your vision to your employees. You sell the vision to them and they don’t have to be motivated and will kill themselves for you. Back to the Flip The irony of Joe whining about grammar and punctuation is too good. God damn that’s rich, good thing I got my morning run in, I can treat myself. Also, good look making fun of someone who might be mentally challenged. I’m sure if I showed up to work and talked like you, they’d send me to the hospital because they’d assume I’d had a stroke or I had a brain tumor. You high-vis shirt with no vision having fuck. Listening to Joe “negotiate” with one of the Craigslist respondents, it’s funny, how his accent, inflections and affectations change. It’s kinda cute that he puts on this “tough, gangsta, house flipper” but in reality, he’d go to an all-you-can-eat before heading to the street. Gotta love that the guy tries to give Joe some background and Joe snarks via text on the screen. Why don’t you put the fear in him? Tell him you don’t need to hear his story and if he doesn’t get over there ASAP, you’ll replace him? And btw, this is good, build rapport with your employer, with your employee. Oh, wait, Emperor Pantatine here believes in fear as the only motivator. Damon shows up and now there’s mud to, well, mud. Is that what Damon is used for? I get that he’s bought into Joe’s bullshit, but, like, come on, you’re better than this. Go find somewhere that can use you and not USE you. “Guy’s, you ever wonder what I’m worth an hour?” giggles Ok, calm down Aly, take a deep breath, he’s teed this up for you… Let’s see: an overweight, entitled, narcissistic blowhard, who’s probably a sociopath, who’s view of himself is more distorted than a funhouse mirror, who will likely do everything incorrectly or against code, causing me to have to pay to have your “work” fixed and redone, I’d say you’re worth $0/hour. Joe’s response to any comments criticizing him is, “He must’ve never seen that TikTok video.” Is TikTok going to be Joe’s version of Wikipedia? Dear lord help us if I ever have to learn how to cite a TikTok. Windows “Can’t have those windows going in super tight, we haven’t had them going in super tight.” Too easy, Joe. I’ll let you off because you set me up so wonderfully like 3 minutes ago. Back in the Truck I love Joe’s “jokes”. He buys a bunch of 2x4s, says he’s going to frame a third story and not to tell the city. Har, har. But, question for the construction people: why would you need 2x4s if you weren’t replacing doors/walls? And why would you need so many? “See you later, dumptruck.” Ooh, is that what Raney says when she realizes you’re broke? Oh no, Joe worked until 4. Guy really knows how to work some overtime. I’m sorry for questioning his work ethic. For anyone keeping score: Joe did one window, sanded one room and mudded said room. In, let’s call it 7 hours. That’s some productivity right there. Joe’s going to record the phone calls with people so he can talk trash about what they want per hour. Another example of Joe being a stellar human being. Honestly, it makes me sad that he exists.

Tuesday afternoon and it’s time for a new review; For this recap, Panda’s trying something new; To roast Joe in rhyme; to document his crimes; Please don’t worry about meter, scheme or fuss; Watching Joe for these recaps is hard enough. Fuck me, already done with that idea. If y’all couldn’t tell, I failed at the poetry sections of my writing classes. Speaking of abject failures, we’ve got a new JDS video! Intro “I don’t want to make this a whole bunch of rambling.” Give you 3-to-1 odds that he rambles for at least 3 minutes. “Breaking news: I would sell the playset from the backyard.” Right, because why would you want to make your 3 bedroom house appealing to parents with young children? Everyone knows those people don’t buy houses. Class A contractor advice time. Also, before the advice, we are at 2:37 and he’s still rambling. You have got to be kidding me? This is the advice he’s giving, “Your profile rating is important.” Gosh, you don’t say? Please, Joe-yagi, please provide me with more of this ancient wisdom. Wait, more wisdom, “If you’re rating is under 5, people will start to wonder if you’re scam…” Philosopher Joe over here is a regular Immanuel Cunt. And, proving his cunt namesake, Joe’s advice is to lie about where you sold the item thus preventing the buyer from rating him. “I’m not trying to tell you how to get around the situation.” Yes, yes you are. Joe, we’re not all as dumb as you, or as dishonest, or as horrible. Please don’t act like you’re talking to someone on your level. Still rambling at the 4:20 mark (haha, blaze it!). Also, Joe is trying to use “AF” and I think that might be the cringiest thing he does. There’s something about old, overweight, shady guys using the slang of the youth, it makes my skin crawl. Joe learned something from “This Old House.” Joe Vila, sure, why not? Oh, because self-gloss is a cardinal sin. Joe, if you had friends or even family that liked you, you’d get nicknames. It’s bad enough when a teenager tells us to call him, “Viper”. Like, fuck you, Brad, we’re not calling you “Viper.” It’s horrible when a 40 year old man does it. Like, we know you’ll be dying alone and friendless, so just be Joe. “Joe be getting the rage on the highway.” Oh, we know. It’s because things aren’t going well and you’re taking out your anger on anything BUT the actual problem, hint: it’s you. “I don’t like people riding my ass.” Well, silly, we know that’s not true. More breaking news. At the 7:23 mark. Joe lied again that he wasn’t going to ramble. I’m disappointed. JDS has an Insta. Ok, don’t care. “Joe Does Stuff Kinda” is that a Freudian slip? In case you’re reading this Joe, that’s not lingerie, stop touching yourself. I don’t even know where to begin on Joe’s discovery of the term “wage slave”. He acts like his mind is blown that when someone becomes a business owner, they have to hire other people and perpetuate the wage slavery cycle. I mean, kinda, if you’re in a low-skill industry and are hiring low-skill workers, I guess. Of course, you can choose to pay people more and/or provide better benefits. But, because I don’t want to write paragraphs that will go over his head, I’ll stop here. This is followed by an interesting statement, and probably another one of these nuggets of “Real Joe”, “I catch a lot of flack for the way that I pay people…” He never finishes this thought, which, probably for the best because it might sink into the ATM army’s heads that Joe is admitting to being evil. So, what was he going to say? If I had to guess, since he goes off about how he’s keeping it real now, he’s fine having wage slaves, it benefits him and, if he’s perpetuating that system, well, that’s just how it is. I kinda like watching Joe fail. This descent into bankruptcy has revealed the true Joe for those who want to see and put it together. It’s good to know that evil exists, not just in places of power, but in shitty YouTube channels. At the Flip After 9:52 seconds, or nearly 1/3 the video, we’re done with the rambling. He’s trying to use mud as a way to sculpt things? The hell? Yeah, Joe Vila up in this bitch. “Damn, camera, focus on something.” Is “Camera” what you call yourself in your head? Am I crazy or is the back door going to hit the counter top in the kitchen? It’s like RIGHT next to the door. That can’t be a good idea. “10 o’clock in the morning and what have we gotten done? Well, when you see it, it’s going to look like nothing.” When you see it, when you listen to the explanation, when you read this recap… yeah, nothing was done. So, the Lazy Susan is off-level by half an inch, ok… so Joe says he’s got a real uneven floor back there. Now, instead of fixing that, or, better yet, finding out why it’s sloping, he’s going to half-ass it. I’m convinced the floors are rotted. Regarding the kitchen window: why wouldn’t you just install a larger window that was the same width as the sink? Oh, because that’d be structural work or he’d need a permit. Never mind. Three packs of shims weren’t enough. He’s had to make more shims. I’m like 90% sure that floor is fucked. “We’re doing it the way it’s going to work for us.” Translation: I just need to get this done and will do it any way that gets me out of this thing before the market tanks. I feel really bad for the person who buys this house. Well, there it is, at the 18:43 mark, Joe states, “Hey look, I don’t know if I told you guys or not, but I am a Class A Contractor.” He’s going to take on other jobs. Pretty sure it’s illegal to present yourself as having a license when you don’t. “Felonious Muscle Contractors” I mean, one word is accurate. Also, that absolutely sounds like a prison-themed male revue. “Class A Joe.” Is it possible to become gayer? Because I think Joe just made me gayer. I’m not a Class A Contractor, but you’re really cutting countertops with a jigsaw? AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA, um, probably want to use a circular saw or a table saw, but what do I know? What a fucking moron. Dude, your cut wasn’t even perfect to begin with. Wow, those meth hands aren’t that steady after all. He was cutting with the tape on? Why? Why wouldn’t you mark it with a sharpie? Or like a dry erase marker? Or a chalk line? “We’re not a professional kitchen company.” But you’re Class A Joe? You aren’t an expert at everything? Could you keep to one lie for more than 10 minutes? “I feel like I’ve been doing good finding houses in ideal situations.” You know, when you’re in an irrational market, anyone can make money. But again, the market is softening. But please, go buy another house. “I feel like I’m going to set the bar in this neighborhood.” Right… Then, god, the self-awareness is negative, he talks about a 4 bedroom house that was listed for $280 but is under contract to $230 because the work inside is shit. Now, Joe, follow me to see if you see any parallels to that situation: A 3 bedroom house, listed for $265, but the work inside it is shit… What am I rambling about, there are no parallels there. Sorry to waste your time. Post Flip Minute Poor Joe, he’s wearing aviators that are too small for his head. It’s times like these I almost feel bad for him. Like, you can be bigger, men, women, other, you can absolutely be bigger and be attractive. But Joe, nope, you need to dress for how your body IS, not how your body WAS. If my partner took a photo of me, and I looked this bad, and she put it on the internet, I would be on trial for murder. If my partner let me walk out of our house looking like that, I’d assume she hates me. Why, how, why, how? How do you think either of you look good? I don’t like to throw shade at other women because it’s catty enough as it is, but honey, you can’t do this.

Joe, you make this so easy. You learned from TikTok? It’s not Udemy or Coursera, it’s TikTok, full of dance crazes and thirst traps. But hey, you do you. Be honest with me Joe, it’s just us here, you see one of those 18-21 year old guys with the abs and cum gutters and the next thing you know, you’re panting like it’s 2-for-1 at BK, right? Anyway, let’s go ahead and see if Joe can use his new Level 5 skill to smooth out the rough spots in his life. Intro “It’s jacket weather now” and then zooms in to his boob. Why? I’m 9 seconds in and I hate life. Times must be bad for Joe, he’s rocking APS merch. I’d have thought those would be on permanent backorder, what with all your subscribers. “I wanna get a monogrammed Carhart.” Is there a blue-collar equivalent to the military’s “stolen valor”? Cause I feel like Joe’s at that level with his cosplaying of a working man. I’m waiting for one of his gulps of air to be his last. Like, it sounds like he’s a fish gulping on the shore. Joe doesn’t like his cat going outside. Is this coded misogyny? Does Joe want to control all things feminine? I’m starting to shop for tent space in the “Joe’s on crack” camp. We get a story about the cat, a random cut, now a description of his porch, then he gives us the time and then starts texting Damon. Now, if he’s on crack with his heart, he should be dead soon. If the crack rock don’t kill him, maybe texting and driving will. Wait, he’s got two 5 gallon barrels and one of them has oil in it from him changing the oil on his truck? I’m gonna call bullshit on that. That implies Joe works on his truck, which we know can’t be the case. And, I’m like 99% sure that it’s illegal to store oil like that. He tries to wash the cat in the sink but the cat’s having none of that. And he says she was scratching him. Those hands look awfully smooth… I love story time with Joe. Jesus, how much of a failure are you that you can’t even make interesting lies for us? “We read that this isn’t as uncommon as you’d think, a cat falling in oil.” Are there cats that hang out at refineries or drill sites? Who the hell is storing oil in uncovered buckets? Oh, that’s right, no one. I just did a google search and can find nothing on cats falling in oil. He read something about using vegetable oil to clean an oily cat? The fuck kind of internet does Joe have? I want this internet! Also, is all of this just leading to some immature “pussy” joke? He’s going to just throw the oil away. If anyone wants to call the cops, we’ve got Joe admitting to a major crime. Here’s the quickest thing I could find. Is this just him trying to troll us to call the cops on him? At the Flip This is an image of: A. The mentally disabled uncle of a guy who runs a contracting firm B. A white trash COVID-19 PPE set up C. The last image you see before you’re chloroformed, raped and murdered “Everything’s pretty dry in here, really dry in here.” Fuck it, I’m immature, I’ll take, “What Does Joe Say When Sliding His Baby Dick Inside His Wife? For $400, Alex” I’m stunned. I saw Joe actually work. Gonna need a moment to process that. “I’m sweating, so you know I’m working.” Or eating, or walking, or editing a video, any of those things could mean you’re sweating. “Folks, I want to share something with you about drywall finishing work, it doesn’t take a rocket scientist.” You’re right, it doesn’t. But it does require you to read and follow instructions. So it takes, like what? A 4th grader? But, it requires a hell of a lot of skill to do it well. So, by my count, you’re 0 for 2. But hey, Suckrates, keep giving us lessons. Oh yeah, those lines won’t be noticeable. Joe, if I went to the beach and you could see my crack that well, I’d be arrested for indecent exposure. “I don’t want no half-ass shit.” Please point to where this has ever been true, in your entire life. Wait, you can’t use BK value meals, we all know you go whole hog on those. “I’m thinking about starting me a drywall finishing business.” Something, something, crack/meth thinking, right there. “We’ll call it ‘We Play with the White Stuff All Day Long.” Anytime you want to come out, you’re welcome to do so. You do know that straight people don’t make these kinds of jokes, right? Or, people who are secure in their sexuality/gender identity. On Redbubble you can find some super cute pride stickers for your truck. And a vague attempt at calling the construction industry people gay. Gotta love casual homophobia. Let me get this right: you plan on listing this home for $265k (I could write a 10 page analysis on why that’s never going to happen) but you’re not going to do the one structural thing: remove the extending wall in the kitchen, that would actually let you improve the kitchen? Instead, you’re going to find a 28 inch fridge and you expect that that will be sufficient for a family? I’m not a Class A contractor or anything, but… I do know that’s a fucking stupid idea. “My wife stopped by to check out the work, she loves it.” Ohh, someone had their leash yanked, didn’t they? It’s taken her how many years to care about what Joe does with their/her money? But hey, she’s making sure JPG is working, good for her. #GirlBoss I love when Joe shows off his plaster work, that you can still see the dirt and grime showing through. “As you can tell, I have no fucking idea what I’m doing at all.” But not 30 seconds ago you were claiming to be a TikTok professor. That you learned everything from those videos. Did none of that stick? I get it, college is basically useless (or I have a useless degree, hint: I do) but you still remember some things. Are you not retaining ANY information? Or are you too high? It’s almost like watching one of those old nature documentaries, “Here is footage of the rare, Overweight Ex-Con. Watch as he imitates the motions of successful people. Careful, we don’t want to startle him.” “Peruvian cocaine.” I’m sad now, Joe is so broke he’s having to buy, Great Value Cocaine. “B9 said all my workers were drug addicts.” From the mouth of babes, right? Watching Joe work in real-time is so boring. And it only reinforces the drug use hypothesis. “Let me show you something I learned from TikTok…” He proceeds to show us that you should apply the mud to the center of the joint. Um… I don’t have anything for that. “Drywall finishing ASMR. Damn, Joe with all them great video ideas.” It’s just too bad those good ideas never make it to your channels. “My eyes are always bigger than my stomach.” Not now. “If I’m not done by the end of next month it’s due to some extraordinary circumstances.” Like what? That you decide to only work 4 hours a day? Does Damon find another job? We know you’re not going to finish, don’t try and pretend like this is out of your control. You fucked up. You work less than full-time, you’re lazy and you don’t hire competent people. Why on earth would anyone think this would be done in 3 months?

The trolls might be onto something: I don’t have a life. And I’m probably a loser for doing these reviews and this is probably just mental masturbation for me to make fun of him. All those caveats out of the way: I still love making fun of Joe’s videos and “content”. Alright, let’s do this Sunday video! Intro Surprise of all surprises, we’re in Joe’s truck. Whoever said that Joe’s going to film a good chunk of his videos in the trunk so he can try and write it off as a business expense, +20 points to you! Something must be wrong: Joe’s not wearing a ripped shirt. Oh and he’s changed it up, it’s a long-sleeved shirt! I do like Joe rambling about getting screwed on FB Marketplace. Joe, if I had to guess, based on the way you treat equipment, people and the way you talk about how you use equipment, you just beat the hell out of a used piece of equipment like it was a woman talking back to you. “We’re not going to have the house done…” Right, we know that you can’t get the house done in two months. And we know you can’t get it done in three. My prediction: if Joe doesn’t get the house done before the first cold snap in VA, it’s not getting done until some time in 2022. According to Joe, he’s ¾ of the way through the downstairs and we know nothing’s been done upstairs. Feeling more confident in my prediction. Post Landscape Job “While I’m on that zero-turn, all I do is think.” This should be good. Did you reflect on your shitty life choices? Did you wonder why you can’t keep any help? Did you worry that the cold you’ve had for the last few years won’t go away? Let’s see what Joe thinks about. He’s about to lay another million dollar idea on us. First the food truck and now another one. I wonder if he’ll tell us about creating an engine that runs on steam instead of fossil fuels? Maybe Joe can talk to us about using computers to share information with each other all around the world? I’m waiting with bated breath. Nope, no idea yet, just Joe admitting that he’s eating $5, gas station pizzas. How’s that diet going again? But he’s going to put that guy out of business. Don’t you question that! If JPG comes for your business, you better just roll over. He’s thinking about doing the food truck. Please let that happen. I want to see that. I thought this was a million-dollar idea, this is a prank video idea? No more prank videos Joe. I already think that your channel is some kind of social experiment. But what is this prank video? Let’s watch. If I understand this “idea” Joe wants to have someone following him with a weedeater, not working, and then have someone pull up and just offer him a commercial landscaping job on the side of the road. But wait, there’s more. And then, the guy with the weedeater will act like the other person working isn’t good and throw shade at him. I’m not seeing why this is a prank, let alone, why this is funny? Like, if you’re working, do you really notice this kind of stuff? I’ve been deeply focused on work and not heard people come home, Amazon deliveries or even my phone ring. But, I guess Joe doesn’t know what it’s like to be focused, on work or otherwise. “Yeah, I’m working my ass off, too.” One landscaping job and a flip house where you make Damon put in 6, maybe 7, hours a day? Let’s not forget APS. Jeeze Joe, you need to pace yourself, talk about burning the candle at both ends. “So why not act like we’re stealing work from that guy, or any guy?” I know you won’t listen to me, but rather than pretend to steal work, why don’t you actually go steal work and build your landscaping business? You’re going to need something to fall back on after FH3 fails, your wife leaves you and APS is completely demonetized. Just a suggestion. And we get another insight into Joe, “You ain’t a real landscaper unless you’ve stolen a job from somebody.” These insights are great because even when Joe puts out edited content, he lets things like this slip that show us how terrible of a human being he is. Joe, hon, you can edit before posting, try that. At the Flip “The lazy Susan back there makes you think you’re looking at some shit that’s jacked up.” Nope, it’s everything else that makes me think that. The tons of mud (side note: “Tons of Mud” is Joe’s name for himself after a Taco Tuesday), the shoddy electrical work, the inability to frame windows, being unable to have a window and door be level with each other. THOSE are the things that make us think shit’s jacked up. Why is he going to look for countertops? Didn’t he already go pick those out? Sorry, didn’t his wife go pick those out. Regarding the mud, “Still gotta dry.” Aren’t you using that 45-minute quick mud? I’m impressed that he’s managed to screw up something so badly that chemical reactions are slowed down and delayed by Joe. He’s like a black hole of failure, with a gravitational pull so strong that it warps space-time. Or he’s just fat, pick one. Watching the shot of the countertop in the trailer, I can’t help but notice there looks like there’s a gap on the trailer tailgate this just tall enough for the countertop to slide out of. And of course, Class A TikTokTractor JPG has only secured it width-wise. Please, please, please let it slide out as he pulls away. “Story of my life right there, every good story starts with, ‘Leaving from Lowes.’” It’s a story, but it’s certainly not a good one. And then there’s a weird cut and him talking to Damon about how the countertop is going to be moving. Please, please, please slide out! “If we can make it back to the house without the countertop all broken to pieces, that would be great.” “So, I got to be that guy in there… Huffin’ and puffin’ like a bitch (not super pertinent to the story but I thought it was funny. Joe, how’s that any different than your everyday life?) They thought I was trying to run a coupon scam. (Can’t imagine that anyone would think that JPG could be shady. God, get to the point of this story.)” All of that leads to a story about how he used the Lowes app on his phone to look up his credit card and the associate wasn’t familiar with the process. I feel so unfulfilled, like Raney after their anniversary sex. Then we cut back to the flip, “Unfortunately, it’s time to wrap up the day with no work getting done.” I’m so impressed with Joe. How can he spend $4,200 on his Lowes card inside of two weeks and have days where he blanks? I get that his testicles fire blanks every day, but he should compensate for that by doing something constructive and build something. I mean, he can’t build a baby, might as well build a house. “Can’t sand or re-mud until our mud is dry.” I wonder if he’s going to have to do foundation work with all the extra weight the mud has added? He’s showing the countertops and in the corner he’s talking about how the old countertop just went straight into the wall and instead of doing that, Joe is going to use two 45 degree pieces to fill the same spot. Just wow. It’s a 90 degree angle with extra steps. Joe needs to go back to Geometry class. This is the kind of quality cabinetry that you can ONLY find on TikTok. AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! “I forgot this thing has a drawer on it here too.” And then it won’t open and doesn’t shut smoothly. Joe, an editor, get one. And on another drawer it doesn’t open. It sounds like the counter is sitting too low and it can’t clear. Also, since there are no handle on the drawers you can’t open them easily. Joe better be careful; he might lose his TikTok license.

Saturday night and I get a JDS video to review? Truly I am #Blessed. Sadly, I’m sober for this one and have to be sober for at least the next few hours while I work. But don’t you worry, I have plenty of vitriol to spit at our favorite failure. JPGII: When you think life isn’t going your way or you haven’t achieved much, just think of him; you’re a rock god in comparison. Intro “Can I say that today is a day when I start to think about quitting?” It’s your show, Joe, you can quit whenever you want. I’d prefer if you didn’t but that’s just because you’re my favorite punching bag. But, let’s see where you’re going with this. My guess is that you’re about to tell me how overworked and stressed out you are, but, like the true champion you are, you’re going to power through. This bullshit is about the windows? That’s why you want to quit? Jesus. Some windows make you want to quit working on this and hiring professionals? I thought this was your last shot? Fucking make up your mind. Poor guy, his wife is calling Window World and it’s probably going to be more than he’s estimated. Like, I thought the name of the channel was “Joe Does Stuff” not “Joe Hires People.” That doesn’t take talent, I mean, I can dial a phone and talk to a contractor. Way to differentiate yourself, Joe. “We’re only able to get like a window done per day.” Hold on. You’ve done how many of these windows and you’re not getting faster? The hell is wrong with you? Like, I get that it takes 10,000 hours to become an expert at something but the initial learning curve on a new skill should be amazing. Going from 0 to 1 is a massive gain. You’re telling me that in three houses and multiple window replacements that you haven’t gotten faster? I’d fire an analyst who couldn’t improve after all this time. “It’s gonna be ‘Mud-Thirty’ up in there.” I don’t know, insert a scat joke here, I guess? I wish he’d stop trying to make “X-Thirty” happen, it’s not going to happen. And remember Joe, on Wednesdays we wear pink. Looks like another trip to Lowes is in order. “Someone said, ‘If you wanna meet Joe, just go to Lowes.’ Surprised I don’t run into more people.” Well, it’s not really that surprising. Let’s throw some cold water of reality on Panting Joe Flash. JPG has 11,000 subscribers and, for the sake of argument, let’s assume an even distribution over the lower 48 states, that gives us 229.16, let’s be nice and give him 230 subscribers per state. The square mileage of VA is 42,775 which means that there is 0.005 subscribers per square mile of VA. That’s how insignificant you are, Joe. Not even one subscriber per square mile of your home state. At the Flip It’s 8:30 in the morning and he’s panting just from filming. Cut to the outside and Joe complaining about not being able to install a J-channel correctly. “Man, I just ain’t good.” Joe, are you ok? Have you had your coffee? You’re letting some truth slip out. Tell you what, pause the video, go get some coffee, wake up and then come back and lie to me. And he’s got the permit taped to the inside of the window he’s showing us. BUT he’s put a black box over it. Yeah, don’t want us seeing that, do you? You do realize that we already know the location of your flip, right? And Joe, not to scare you too much, well, maybe scare you a bit, but I know far more about you than just the flip address. Brian’s Departure According to Joe, Brian shows up late and has an attitude and Joe lays down the law and tells him that JPG won’t be disrespected by nobody. Then Brian calls them a bunch of hillbillies and peaces out. I mean, I wouldn’t have used the term “hillbillies” but it’s close. What the fuck is going on? Like, that story sounds kinda true. I don’t know if I can handle honesty from Joe. Maybe I will need to drink to get through this. Post Brian Not even two hours later and Joe tells us that Brian quit. Ok, we need to talk about this: a sex offender quit on you. Someone for whom getting a job is a NIGHTMARE, quit on you. What the hell is wrong with you Joe when you can’t keep desperate people on payroll? If F3 is successful and he buys a 4th house, I’m going to take time off from work and go to VA and try to get a job with him. I doubt he’d hire me but maybe he would for the views (provided he has no idea it’s me). I think it’d be worth working for him for a week and then report back. “I ain’t ever done this much mud work, my arm about to be tired!” I’m shocked, I thought once you learned how to do something you never forgot? Like ride a bike or, in your case, jerk off a bunch of guys. Come on Joe, channel those prison memories and skills, go ahead and work your arm until those walls are coated! “We gonna be looking like one of those TikTok drywall folk.” Just let that sit there for a minute. Joe, they do timelapse videos, so yes, they’re sped up but they still have to do the work quickly enough to capture it all and then stitch it together. You’re more like a timelapse of a flower going from seed, to stem, to bloom, to wilting and finally to death, over the course of like 4 months. “We’ve got to get all these screws out that missed.” Why didn’t you pull them when you first drilled them and then reuse them? It’s not like they were in anything beyond drywall? And just from the shots we see, there’s quite a few. Joe, honey, look, I know like nothing about construction but I’m a hard worker and I’m good with bookkeeping, I could probably save you enough money that you’ll be eating off the BK King’s Secret Menu. DM me. Yay, the pencil is back! “Folks, let me show you the doorway I built!” Proceeds to show us a door that looks like it’s got, I don’t know, 20 pounds of, what do you call it? My dad always called it spackle(?). Anyway, it looks like he used a bucket of that on it. If I had done this when my dad and I worked on the house, I think he’d have beaten me. Not really, my dad is a great guy and taught me a lot of the basics. But yeah, he’d have been ashamed to see this. Post Mudding “Just ran through our first container of 45 minute mud.” It looks like he used it ALL on the section of the wall under the stairs, that triangle piece, whatever it’s called. One of these days, I need to actually go learn some construction terms. I’m sure some people read these and think I’m functionally retarded about construction and I am 😊 (Correction: it’s a quarter bag of mud to do all that) He coated it on soooo thick. What the hell? This is like the opposite of everything I could think of. Ok, I can bring this into terms I can understand: when you’re putting on makeup, you just need a little bit. You don’t cake it on your face because then you look like a doll that’s come to life and is chasing me around my house (looking at you, Clacks 😉 and yes, I promise I’m working on the next scene). Joe’s approach with mudding, just like his wife’s sex life, seems to be: You can never have enough caked on. (I don’t like that joke, I’m trying to make a bukkake joke but nothing seems right, whatever) He then pans to show us Damon’s work. Just enough to cover screw holes and doesn’t look excessive. Guess we know who’s the Class A mudder. “It’s gonna be bright an open up in here.” Without knocking down walls or widening doorways? Um, I guess you can cheat with white paint but that room is tiny. If you want it to be a sitting room, I guess that’s an ok idea, but you’re looking at it before the stair rail is back on and before furniture is in. It’s going to be cramped. And while we’re on the topic of this front room. Why the fuck haven’t you washed the walls? You’ve got nasty handprints and dirt on the wall. You’re just going to plaster over it? Yeah, cause that’ll work. Wait, forgot, you’ll probably put an inch of plaster on it, no way dirt can seep through that. Carry on, you brilliant Class A. Joe’s giving us a shot of himself covered in mud, “Folks, I got mud everywhere, I ain’t been covered like this since I lost that bet to Peaches.” I’m at a loss for words. First: he’s watching TikTok videos for guidance on how to do drywall? Flip #3: the house that TikTok built. Second: he was laying down mud, then putting mesh down and then mudding over it and was surprised that it wasn’t working? Um, that seems like a dumb and wasteful idea. I can’t get past the TikTok aspect of this. Joe the Class A TikToctractor? Quitting Time K, from the 17 minute mark to at least the 20 minute mark Joe has decided to play some music that if I heard it in real life, I would assume I’m about to be raped and murdered. Especially, if I saw Joe anywhere near me. I guess with Brian gone we’ve still got to have our quote of sex offenders on staff and Joe’s going to fill that role. And he reiterates the B9 departure story. I don’t know, maybe I’m not drunk enough to see it, but something just feels wrong about the story. I don’t know. Can someone tell me if two hours to mud a room that small is normal? Because it seems like it should be done quicker than that, especially with two people. And they got one window installed. So, in seven hours, we have a room mudded and a window installed. Really sense the urgency of this project and how badly Joe wants it to succeed. He’s going to sell this house for $265,000 or at least he’s going to list it. Um, ok… So y’all don’t have to go digging for it, here’s a link to the market analysis of the flip’s neighborhood and the comps.

Sober Panda today. At least I have Joe to keep me comfort in the hangover. And at the end of the day, that’s all anyone can hope for. I feel truly blessed that Joe is with us in our hour of need. Pre-Video Ok, so if this is clickbait it’s the dumbest idea for clickbait he could come up with. Less than 24 hours ago you post a video about the city coming out to your property and now you post a video with a mysterious vial? Good luck, god bless. Oh and there’s a comment response. It’s weird for someone that the trolls definitely aren’t getting to, he does spend a lot of time responding to the trolls. Whatever, this thing is 31 minutes, let’s do this. Intro You know, Joe, I love you. I really do. Instead of just letting it go like a grown up, you decide to open the video on a shot of the building permit. You can’t make this up. This is too good, “I want to make a necklace out of this, you know where it around my neck.” Yeah, that’s where necklaces go… Ask your wife about the pearl necklaces she gets from B9 and Damon. Cut to Joe in the truck and talking about the permit again. “I need to go a lot deeper on what happened yesterday.” Allow me to translate: I’m not fast enough on my feet (figuratively or literally) to come up with a lie for yesterday’s video but I’ve had time to think and I’ve got something that a homeless crack addict sounded good so that’s what I’m going to tell you all. Random pause: this is at the 2:13 mark. Yeah, the trolls are definitely NOT in his head and he definitely DOESN’T feel the need to respond. At least this story might be kinda believable, I’m reserving final judgment til it’s done. Four minutes in and we’re still on about this. I hate to say this but I think Joe is giving us close to the truth. But, I can’t help but feel that something’s been left out. Because, again, why would he be told to go down to the city to get a building permit? That inspector saw something. I love how Joe tunnel visions on things. Because when he does, he lets things slip. Like this, “All I did was replace the rotted wood.” I thought there wasn’t any rotted wood? Silly Joe, you need to keep your story straight. And for anyone tracking me, this is at the 4:48 mark. I think Joe had a stroke and I think I might have had one too. Hang on, I need to rewind and get this quote because this might be one of the dumbest things he’s said. “Code violations, doing work with out a permit is almost interpretation of the law or interpretation of the code. Granted the code is what the code is.” I need help. Like those are English words but, ow, my head. I need to lie down. “This isn’t a ‘I’m right, you’re wrong’ type of a situation.” And then goes on to explain why he’s right and the city is wrong. “I’m not trying to get away with anything.” Uh, your whole life is trying to get away with things. See: your prison sentence. And rambling about how the guy from the city knows Joe’s name and knows what he does and knows that he flips houses. He’s so proud. I’m going to let him sit with that pride for a moment… ok, moment’s over. Joe, he knows your name and what you’re doing because when the complaint was made, follow me now, he pulled your file to see what the background on the situation was. “I’m Joe Vila!” I prefer “Robbie Trailer”. Eight minutes in and we’re still on about the building permit. If he stops RIGHT NOW, he will have only spent 25.8% of this video’s runtime on the 0.0002% of the audience that are actually trolling him. I feel like we’re still winning. Joe, feel free to DM me if you want help understanding those numbers. Post Troll Rant He’s at Lowes… again. He’s about to hit us with a million-dollar business idea, everyone, grab something to write this down! Ok, for those of you who aren’t watching Joe’s videos, and why wouldn’t you? Here’s the idea: set up a food cart or food truck outside of Lowes to sell breakfast sandwiches or sell lunch to people. Swear to god that was his idea. Joe, I know I’m not a class A contractor or anything but, what if you were to make a food cart mobile, like so it could go other places, maybe in some sort of… van, no, I got it, in a truck. Like, we could call it a food truck! And we could drive it to where people work!! OMG, I’ll front some capital and let’s do this! Joe’s complaining that installing bigger windows is harder than smaller windows and that the windows are, “just a little bigger than the opening.” I feel bad for Joe, no where in his personal life has he ever had that problem, outside of clothes anyway. Joe bought a used range. Calling it now. “The appliance delivery people were acting extra sketchy they delivered this gas range and it wasn’t in a box…” Right, because you bought open box, Joe, it’s ok to buy used. I mean, your wife bought you and you’re more used than a porn star’s condom. How is it that Joe’s videos are more boring when he actually shows the flip house? Time for a random observation: why the hell is this video in 360p? If I had to guess, I’d say Joe doesn’t want HD evidence of his fuckery. Also, I’d guess it’s so he can put B9 on camera. And that’s a pro segue into this observation: B9 is doing everything he can to be filmed from behind or from the side. There have been (as of the 17:31 mark) no close, direct shots of him. My spidey sense is tingling… And now listening to B9 talk about his “war wounds” which are code for his STDs. Hey Joe, let’s just pretend that he’s NOT a sex offender, it’s not a good idea to put a creepy guy like that on camera talking about his STDs. I mean, I know he’s not creepy to you but for the rest of us… yeah, I’m grossed out. Vial Section Oh, they found a glass vial. Like what a 15 year old boy who’s into fantasy keeps his faerie dust in. Blah, god Joe, you do not know how to deliver on anything. Is this you trying to get us to call the local authorities and report you? Only for them to come by, find out it was nothing and then you make another video and you laugh at us? God, you should save your bait for your next fishing trip. Post Lunch What?!? I don’t get to watch you eat? I’m disappointed. Oooh, found another sore spot for Joe: telling him that he gets what he pays for and criticize him for paying people too little. Joe, you make this too easy. “Smoking crack makes more sense than what you just said right there.” Um, they’re right. If you pay someone $12 an hour, they won’t work as hard as someone you pay $20 an hour. And, realistically, you should be wanting to attract the best people so your flip goes smoothly. That’s going to cost money. So yes, you do get exactly what you pay for. “Without them, I can just go hire somebody else.” Tell me how that’s worked out for you, Joe. Anyone with any skills and who knows their value isn’t going to work for you. The people you will attract with the wages you pay are those who have no value or minimal value. “Yeah, I do have a good heart.” The panting from speaking and walking would beg to differ. I can’t imagine why Joe has money problems or employee problems with his, um, understanding is too generous of a term. Whatever that is, Joe certainly doesn’t understand market forces, servant leadership or incentives but he does know he can go to Craigslist. I suppose this is a bit of a change from last night’s recap. Hopefully, Joe will continue to not let the trolls win and continue to make videos about us. Edit I'm not going to make a separate post for the APS video because I was falling asleep in it. So here's what I have. Two videos in one day? Ol’ Joe must be desperate for that money. Wow, he’s so desperate he’s going to tell us the truth about the mopeds. God, silly me, what I meant to say was he’s going to lie to us. Sadly, I wasn’t around for the moped debacle and there’s no way in hell I’m going to go watch more videos so if this recap is generic and just Joe insults, that’s why. The good news though: work is done for the day so I can drink. Today, keeping it class with Captain Morgan’s Private Stock or Reserve, whatever, the fancy stuff. Before I get started, I wonder how long it’ll be before he mentions the trolls. Intro His idea was to run a buy here/pay here moped dealership? Jesus, maybe I need to go back and watch those videos, this must’ve been epic. And to people freshly out of prison. Let’s say you’re a newly released inmate and you’ve just gotten done being fucked by the US prison system NOW you get to be fucked by Joe. The more I learn, the more I hate him. “I wrote out an ironclad or what I thought was an ironclad agreement.” Someone needs to convince him to go to law school. Joe would be to law what Dr. Nick Rivera is to medicine. “Let’s go through the mopeds 1 – 5, the truth and I promise you ain’t going to believe this shit.” God dammit, I sit through enough of your lies on JDS, can you get back to calling prisoners? “I can’t believe I’m waiting this long to share this with you.” Translation: My views are fucked harder than my ass when Banky’s in town and I need to make my Lowes CC payment so here I am, scraping the bottom of the barrel for content. Moped 1 Goes to a guy who pays like half of it, then gets locked up and then he sells it on Facebook Marketplace. I mean, you’re shitty and being a scumbag. You just repo it and sell it again to another returning prisoner and then, because the recidivism rate is so high, you repeat the process. Fucking hell, do I have to tell you how to be shady? Moped 2 Sells the moped to a drug addict and felt bad about doing it. I don’t even. I can’t. Everything in your life is rent-to-own, even your wife, how is it you haven’t learned anything? It ends well, the guy completed getting fucked over. And completed payments. Moped 3 Guess this went to Juman. AHAHAHAHAHA, guy gets into an accident and Joe repos it. Dear lord. Moped 4 And he just gives it away. Again, no wonder you have money problems. Lol, he admits he gave Shannon the moped only because it was on film. Moped 5 AHAHAHAHAHA, ok, so, he sells it to a guy at his cost (brilliant decision) then, tells the guy he needs to pay him $400 as the remaining balance. Ok, good so far. The guy pays him and it’s done… then 20 minutes later comes back and gives Joe a BS story and Joe returns the money to him. What a fucking moron. And then he sells the moped for crack. Apologies for the late recap. I’m kinda in a bad mood so this may be more snarky than usual and I honestly have some vitriol I want to hit Joe with. So, for those of you drinking along with me, tonight’s drink is vodka. Let’s do this! Intro Panting and rubbing the camera… I’ll take, “What is Joe’s Career in 12 Months for $1,000, Alex” Choking on a bear claw, well half of one. Sorry, let me fix that for you: choking on one and a half bear claws. The idea that you know how to spell moderation let alone understand the concept is a bridge too far. Oooh, your girl is 16 seconds into the video and one sip of a screwdriver. “I’m in such a hurry I didn’t have time to put my belt on.” But you had time to grab the camera, tripod and begin filming. Please, try harder. Or, like your waistline, expand your lies. I get such perverse enjoyment about watching Joe fail to secure his camera. And 1:21 in, let’s go with my first bit of analysis: Joe is legitimately pissed off. He’s in a rage. There’s no reason the camera falling THIS time should piss him off as much as it does. When life isn’t going well, little things like that will enrage you. I wonder what could’ve happened to make him so mad? I bet we’ll find out. “Fall now you bitch, I just licked you.” Joe, sweetie, buy me a drink first. Also, it would take you more than one lick to get me to fall down. Like trying to bring rain to the Sahara when I think about him with less than a parka on. Of course, I’m sure most women feel that way, even if they aren’t gay. Two drinks in! Watching Joe pick at some kind of abscess on his arm. It’s probably leprosy or herpes. Joe, you got to wear protection when you spend your nights at the glory hole. You don’t know where those cocks have been. Watching and listening to Joe get mad in traffic goes to my point up above: he is mad. And I LOVE it. Oh Joe, see, unlike you teasing some big reveal or some big response. I deliver. So when I say I have some venom to spit, I do. And the screaming at the camera falling giggles And furthermore, if your life is soooo good, you wouldn’t be this angry, nor would you be responding to us. But I’ll expand on that thought later. Weird, you expand but have no thoughts. It’s like you’re the opposite of me, table that for later. “We filming everything now.” Oh, weird, you don’t let the trolls win but I believe one of my biggest complaints has been that you’re running, attempting to run, you and running don’t go together, a DIY channel without showing the D (oh god these are too easy, no one could see your D under all that fat. I probably know transmen with dicks bigger than yours). House Stuff Oh Joe, you’re attempting to fake some kind of attitude and I don’t even know what you’re going for. But it’s about as convincing as community dinner theater that’s put on by a junior high improv group. Again, why are you showing the work? Oh, because the trolls got to you. I know. No shame in admitting you got beat and acknowledging your betters. And Joe, that’s not just me, I mean anyone who puts in 8 hours a day is better than you. Anyone who works hard is better than you, anyone who works is better than you. Remember that, you are the bottom of the barrel and the best part is that you were the king of prison YouTube and now, where are you? Scrounging together every dime you have and $30,000 of money you don’t to buy a $150,000 house. Yikes. I wonder what King of Prison YouTube Joe would do if he met you? I mean, we all know. It’d be literally sucking yourself off instead of the figurative self-fellatio that you do now. BTW, Joe, “Fellatio” means blow job. Didn’t want to overtax that peanut brain. AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA I fucking love this. I love when some moron decides he’s going to show us exactly what’s up and shows us a window that even I can see is badly framed. Damn Joe, you sure showed me. How could I ever have anything negative to say about you? ROFL failure of his double-paned windows. Ok, before I watch further how will Joe handle this: A. Pull out the window and replace it with a good one. B. Ignore it because ignoring problems is his go-to. Or C. Convert the living room into a bathroom because, “folks we already got some frosted glass in here!” Remember to DM me your answers. Almost done with the first screwdriver. I wish I was better at audio. I’d love to isolate all the panting and create an ASMR channel. How the hell do you not measure and cut wood correctly? When I was a kid, my dad did work around the house and every time he’d let me use the saw he would say, “Sandra (don’t ask), what’s the thing to remember?” And, being the good child I was, I would respond with, “Measure twice, cut once.” I come back to this because remember, Joe pulled ALL his money to do this and this motherfucker is wasting time and resources. And these resources aren’t cheap, this wood’s expensive. Well, not Joe’s wood. Probably get paid to take that and I’m sure the male prostitutes charge him a premium. Poor guys, you know they’ve got to pretend they can feel him inside them. “Take your pencil, mark your line and cut that off.” God, what wisdom from the Class A contractor himself! City Inspector & House “The city stopped by, said we’re doing a great job.” Nope, and now for some analysis. Compare the way he says this with the way he was in the other videos when he was honest about the situation he was in. Completely different voice tones and posture and laughter. You could say that he’s trying to play it up for Damon and B9 and he is, but his face gives it away. Joe, you may be able to lie but you can’t control your face. Also, no city inspector would say that…. Oh and B9 failed! “You had your game plan in case they showed up.” Game plan? Why would there need to be a game plan, Joe? Oh, because you’re lying! Got it. Joe, hun, you can edit things out before you post. Might want to have edited that out. AHAHAHAHAHA again how fucking hard is it to line things up? Those beams or 2x4s or whatever sure seem like they’ve been rotted. They’re black while the ones around them are normal brown. Second screwdriver (drink that is) Ahahahaha and he’s calling himself “Class A Joe” and doesn’t know the difference between sheetrock and drywall. Or how to read a label on a GFCI outlet package. Y’all, I’m feeling pretty buzzed, I might have mixed these things with 50% Sunny D and 50% Grey Goose, haha. Again using mud to fix everything. Jesus, I hope he seals this place properly, with all the mud one rainstorm and the house will melt. Did anyone else catch this? They’re going to piece in the kitchen and do the flooring around the cabinets. Wait, so you’re not going to cover the entire floor? That doesn’t seem smart. “Our tool storage room.” I’ll take, “What do B9 and Damon Call Joe’s Asshole” for $800, Alex. I know I’ve used that joke a lot but it’s so easy and Joe makes it easy. Sue me. I’m glad he’s putting down waterproof flooring, what with all the leaks AND his sweat. “Joe, you’re doing a great job.” Said no one ever. Wait, scratch that, I bet Peaches said that. Actual Lunch Oh joy, I get to watch Joe eat. I’m sorry for whatever I did in a previous life. Naw, fuck that, I love this shit. Fuck, the vodka is getting to me, you know, I love all of you. Like, this place has made this year fly by and it’s so much fun to chat with everyone. I’d buy ya’ll beers if you were nearby. Wonder Bread and Mountain Dew. Could Joe be anymore trash class if he tried? No hate to either, but god damn, Joe, I thought you made stacks? Joe, you should get on my level and buy some artisanal bread from Sara Lee or Grandma Sycamore, sooo good. But I guess you can’t afford that. Well, not now anyway. Maybe you could finance a loaf of it at 27% interest, you broke fuck. Please eat the moldy bread, maybe it’s made penicillin and you can cure that case of the clap you got from B9? Drinking and eating on camera, I know you’re trying to gross me out Joe, but here’s the thing: when I look in the mirror I don’t hate myself. I go to the gym and take care of myself. You may try to gross me out and you may succeed but people want to see me naked. How long has it been since you’ve had sex with the lights on? I will say, I wish my tits were as big as Joe’s. Slurp that pickle Joe, you trash class thirst trap you. Live your best life. I’ll send you a rainbow sticker. “I’ve seen the other houses you done did.” Totes sounds like a government worker. Cause let me tell you Joe, when I’m on a call with a government agency or a representative from a regulatory body or analysts, we all talk like that. No one’s professional at all. The only thing this story of Joe’s is missing is the city inspector handing him a $100 bill and then clapping for him. Holy fuck I’m giggling already, def mixed too much vodka. “You really don’t need it.” But Joe is getting it anyway. Those statements are incongruous. I’m not going to define that for you, Joe. “You’re just giving me money with this content.” Oh Joe, no, we’re not. And because I’m drunk and because I LOVE being right. Let’s break down some numbers! Flip #1 Video View Count: 1.621MM = $32,420 in revenue Flip #2 Video View Count: 404k = $8,080 in revenue Flip #3 Video View Count: 129.5k = $2,590 in revenue Now, my degree is English Lit with an emphasis on creative writing (bet you couldn’t tell) but even I know that you’re not making a goddamn dime of this. Let’s assume a crazy fucking number: $20/1k views. Doesn’t look like you’re making any money off of us. Your views have been dropping like a stone. I wonder if the drop in views in proportional to your weight gain? I bet it is! ;) “Let me stop eating the pickles, cause I’ll eat ‘em all.” God, where were you in my comp classes, these things write themselves. Oh, replacing windows isn’t in your budget? I thought we were just lining your pockets? You really should hire a script writer or an editor to keep you on track, dumbass, pickle eating motherfucker. AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA he’s looking to list for $260,000… no joke, just let that sink in. Have you seen the comps in your area? You should really read my posts Joe. Wait, you do read them, you should have someone explain them to you. I already detailed the cooling off of the housing market in your area and those homes are so far above and beyond yours, you’d think they were comparing me to you. Oh snap, Aly throwing it down. And I know this will piss you off that some bitch makes more money than you. Conclusion So Joe goes and gets the permit and look at this, the story changes. The city doesn’t say, “Joe you’re doing a great job.” Now it’s, “Well, there was a complaint so maybe you should get a permit.” Joe, you’re so close to telling the truth but that’s ok, baby steps. “Joey by the Book” honey, no. you’re still going and getting the permit, dumbass. We still won. Time for my rant. Joe, you think you won and it’s so satisfying to watch you act like you won when in reality, we are living rent free in your head. You still made a video where you spent the majority of the time bitching about us and trying to come across as the winner. If you were truly successful, you would never respond to us. You think any other channel that’s successful responds to a group of 40 trolls? Nope. Because they know it doesn’t matter… but you respond to us. Either because you know we’re right or because we get to you. This is the second video in a row that you’ve directly responded to us. But you know what, since you did us the courtesy to respond to us. I’m going to respond to you, you fake flexing motherfucker. So, you want to flex, alright, let’s do this. You think you’re hot shit because you’ve made $600,000 in the 7 years you’ve done APS, cute. I’ve made more in that same time frame. I’ve been recruited by firms that could buy and sell you millions of times over. You know what your $600,000 is to them? A rounding error. I’ve dealt with companies and clients for whom $10,000,000 is immaterial. And that’s exactly what you are Joe: immaterial. You don’t matter. I do these recaps because I think it’s fun. I do these recaps because people enjoy them. I do these for free while you, like the unskilled bitch that you are, work for free. Congrats, even at the most generous rate of $20/1k views, your entire flip three video series has barely made what my colleagues and I make in a week. You want to flex with your financed Hyundai and your financed couch? I’m gonna flex with my paid off car and couch. You want to flex with your fat ass, I’ll flex with my phat ass. You’re nothing Joe, you’re a has-been with an ego that could put Jake Paul to shame. The difference between us Joe, aside from success, is that I do this because it’s fun. Do you have any idea what it’s like to have people genuinely want to consume your content? I don’t care if it’s only 10 people that think these are funny and enjoyable. If I can make one person smile, it’s a win. You have never made anyone smile or genuinely happy because everything you’ve done is a lie. You’ve built your shit kingdom on a pile of sand and I’m the cunt who’s going to watch as the tide comes in and reduces it to nothing. Because at the end of the day, that’s what you are: nothing. Your legacy is to be forgotten; an interesting blip on the history of YouTube, nothing to be remembered. No songs will be sung about you, no documentaries will be made, not even a “where are they now?” That will find you working at Burger King instead of eating there. You’ll piddle along in your sad existence until one day, when it becomes too much, you’ll finally have the courage to suck on the end of a gun barrel and pull the trigger. And what will our reaction be upon hearing of your death? It’ll be, “huh, he was still alive?” And then we'll move on with our lives; with our friends and families that love us while you will die alone and be found by the police days later when someone notices the smell of your bloated, fetid corpse stinking up their studio apartment. That’s your future. But hey, you sure showed the trolls, didn’t you?

Third glass of gin in hand, changed into my pajamas for the night, gonna order some dinner, no idea what I want and this is a run-on sentence. Hey, you know what doesn’t run? Joe. Long walk to get to that joke, which is something Joe wouldn’t know anything about. Uh oh, two fat jokes in two, maybe three sentences? I’m not gonna count. Intro “My thoughts on Prison YouTube” I’m 90% sure I’ve seen a gay porno titled “Prison YouTube” those men were serving some hard time. I guess Joe would know about that. Ok, calm down, you’re three seconds in. Take a drink! AHAHAHAHAHAHA we are one minute in and he’s referencing paperwork and that it’s important. NO FUCKING SHIT. AHAHAHAHAHA, of course it’s important. Oh god, this is too good. But hey, you flex that paper at the camera. “I’ve got some really good videos for After Prison Show.” Are you just going to start uploading pirated Marvel movies? You’re going to talk about the mopeds? You sure you want to show old footage of yourself? I mean, you don’t want people to see exactly how far you’ve let yourself go have you? Fuck me, 92 seconds in. So, random aside, I’ve got a character count thing up and I’m already at 1,173 characters, that’s like 8,000ish so far. My fingers hurt, do I make the lesbian joke? Naw, I trust y’all will make one ;) Main Course! “I don’t know if I’m gonna go that deep.” Joe, I know you don’t go deep. That’s for Peaches ;) ;) “No trolls won.” Holy fuck, my bullshit alarm just went crazy. Joe, we’ve won. The fact that we practically write the JDS scripts is proof enough. I’mma name my strap-on “Peaches” Trolls would contact his wife’s work, blah, blah, blah. “Bringing around killers.” Um, wait, what? You helped a killer launch a YouTube channel!!! Fuck, I’m not even 4 minutes in. “In terms of the trolls winning that’s not true.” Yet you’re making this video so what does that say? I love how insecure he must be if he has to make this video to respond to what? 40 of us? You have 1.39MM subs, there’s 40 of us, that’s 0.0002%. That’s how many people you’re responding to. And you’re spending 20 minutes of video, probably an equal amount of time editing and then uploading to try and respond to .00002% of your audience. Brilliant move! Which of you wrote this comment, cause I agree. There’s zero hunger in Joe. Sorry, scratch that, there’s zero drive in Joe to build something. He’s resorted to get rich quick schemes and hiring cheap labor to pad his margins (not gonna make that fat joke, you’re better than that). So, yes, whoever wrote that is correct. “I’m exhausted, I’m killing myself over at the flip house.” Shocked into sobriety at that one. Joe, WE SEE THE VIDEOS YOU POST. They aren’t some magic picture that no one sees, we see your days ending at 3:30. That’s not killing yourself! I don’t know how anyone who is a blue collar worker watches this and doesn’t despise him. Look, I’m a data bitch, I work from home and have a cushy life but even I can imagine feeling insulted by Joe claiming that what he’s doing is killing himself. “I’m proud of the work I’m putting in over there.” Ok, if that’s what you’re proud of, what the hell would something Joe would be ashamed of look like?!? Riddle me that “A lot of wind has been taken out of my sails, it’s come from trolling.” See Joe, this is why you need to hire me to write scripts. You just said the trolls haven’t won and yet they’re affecting you this much. You need someone who can keep a coherent narrative together. Of course, if you started producing good content we’d probably assume you were dying or something. Glass number 4 for those keeping track at home and I got a GOOD buzz going, already hit the giggling phase God, oh you created the prison genre? Then you correct and say you helped create. I love these bits of truth, they’re like Cheddar Bay biscuit crumbs of truth (see how I tied this into the JDS review? Hahaha, my mom would be proud). God, I want some Cheddar Bay biscuits now. Do you capitalize Cheddar Bay? Whatever. 4,000 characters in and I’m at the 5:32 mark. Ok, gonna focus and try to find the good stuff to comment on. That lasted 20 seconds. People copied him and he doesn’t respect that. You mean sit in front of a green screen and ramble? Pretty sure that’s been a thing since, like, green screens were invented. Like, that’s what TV news does. HOLY FUCKING TRUTH, FAT MAN This is getting its own section cause I think Joe just let out the biggest truth bomb. “I don’t respect the genre, I think it’s played out. I think it’s gone so far beyond trying to prove you can do better after prison.” The sarcastic tone and eye roll, combined with that statement is what EVERYONE should point to when they want to prove that Joe has been a fake from the start. That was the goal, to convince people he was doing better and that he had reformed. But that’s played out. Why would that be played out? It’s only played out to someone for whom it was an act. Whoa. Sorry, I legit stopped for a second. That’s a monumental acknowledgement. It’s not played out to a genuine person. A person who actually is better and is committed to being better and helping others wouldn’t feel like things had run their course. They may believe that their content needs to change and evolve but the core of themselves and their content would be in helping others and being that better person. Joe has just confessed that it was all an act. How he actually thought it would be a good idea to leave this in is beyond me. He has such a low opinion of his audience that they won’t be able to understand this so he feels confident enough to leave it in. Fucking hell. They may be firing blanks but Joe has some massive balls to post a video saying that APS was all a scam. “It’s every man for himself and it’s for the views and the money.” No, Joe. There may be economic incentives but that’s not what makes good people good. I’m frankly stunned, in my wildest dreams I could’ve never imagined that Joe would be this blatant about how much of a piece of shit he actually is. And we’re only at the 6:24 mark. And then he tries to say that he still wholeheartedly loves APS. No, you don’t. It’s ok, you told the truth, just live your truth Joe. I will say this, his ego is definitely still there because when he started to say, “Do I need the money…?” He backed off real fast. Back to Regular Commentary Oh Joe’s the victim. I get why he picked this comment. It’s everyone else’s fault that Joe is the way he is. “I have been through a lot of undeserved bullshit.” No, you really haven’t. This is the part where I’d say, “Let’s roll the tape.” And we could watch some of your greatest hits about how fucking terrible you are. You’re a horrible person who, not 4 minutes ago, admitted you were running APS as a scam! So no, if you’re a shitty person, you will attract other shitty people but here’s the truth: you could change if you wanted to. EVERYTHING you do is a choice, you get up, you make choices, you go to work, you make choices. Those choices define your character and your life and you’ve made and continue to make bad ones. You’re a bad person. Just embrace it at this point. “Joe, you make fun of addicts and rightfully so.” I’m onto my fifth glass and I need to stop. I’m stunned. And I may make myself cry typing this but fuck it. I have nothing but pity for the addicts out there. I know we make choices and yes, the first time is always a choice, but then that power to choose is taken from someone. And, because nothing happens in a vacuum, other people’s choices, their family, friends, coworkers, they lose their ability to choose. They now have an addict in their midst. I feel such pity for someone who is a good person who made a bad choice and is now addicted and that choice spirals and their lives are ruined. I’m truly sorry for them And to hear this fat fuck make fun of them and justify it, I’m enraged. So let me get this right: you had your head up your ass, success and money changed you, but it’s not your fault. If drug addicts can make a choice so can you. Fuck off. Did Joe write this comment? Cause it seems like his personal narrative. You can disregard anything he says at this point, if it’s him trying to pretend that he cares about anyone other than himself. “I am After Prison Show” Just gonna let that sit there. “For the longest time I’ve bit my tongue.” When? I want dates and times. I need to see those receipts. Ok, so five glasses of gin to get through two videos. Final word count is like 3,000 for the night. I’m stunned, angry but also, driven. I want to see him fall and fail and I want to see him homeless and addicted and broken the way he deserves to be. Thanks for reading my drunken ramblings and thank you to Apple for autocorrect for making me appear coherent.

Oh boy, it’s a two-for-one special today on shitty content. I’m sorry for the delay so, I’m going to try and do both of these in one posting. We’ll see how this goes. I don’t know how my emotional state will be after watching two videos in a row but I’ve got a bottle of gin nearby. But first, let’s set the mood with some poetry as this describes my mood at the prospect of an hour of Joe. Cannon to the right of her; Cannon to the left of her; Guerrero in front of her, panted and thundered; Stormed at with shot and shell, boldly she rode and well, Into the jaws of Death, Into the mouth of Hell rode Sarcastic Panda JDS Intro Is Joe’s truck destroyed? Why is he filming in his house? Great, he’s talking about politics. “We talk so grown up.” But doesn’t know the word “gubernatorial”. I’m not going to comment… other than: Joe is what’s wrong with modern politics. Morons that have no understanding but sadly have a vote. Just read various news sources, that’s my only comment. Has Joe been doing cardio? He’s talked for two minutes straight and isn’t panting. Good for him. Never mind, he’s panting as he’s walking down the stairs. Scared me for a minute I was thinking Joe had done something to improve himself, nope! Also, way to copy Bobby Duke, well, attempt to copy. Between the Louis Rossmann the other day and now Bobby Duke at least Joe’s  copying from good YouTubers. I’m still going to dub him “Bobby Douche” or “Bobby Dookie” y’all can pick one. Personally, not a fan of scat jokes shrug Oh joy, I get to watch him eat. And gross, he holds up a butterknife that has leftover food on it. I’m going to gag. You know, I promised to do both of these in one review and I’m 3:23 in and questioning that decision. Where’s my gin? I just watched a grown man smell a fork. Like, what am I doing with my life? Where did I go wrong? Maybe that’s the human (well, he’s technically human) equivalent of a monkey smelling its fingers after playing with its butt? I know Joe thinks his smile is friendly but it’s straight up sexual predator. Wait, his food is ice cold but we saw him pull it out of the microwave? You know what, fuck it, Aly, go get a drink, just let it play and just listen. “This house is gonna be worth a good little grip when it’s done.” AHAHAHAHAHA oh Joe from the past, you so silly. If anyone’s wondering I drink Bombay Sapphire, truly the way to my heart. If you drink and haven’t tried it, go get some. I love that he’s putting linoleum over hardwood, fucking idiot. Also, random thought: do you think he says “LVP” because he can’t pronounce “linoleum”? Brian Discussion Still trying to say that he’s a SO for slapping a guard on the ass. I’m 99.9% sure he doesn’t get that kind of charge. I’ve noticed that Joe really affects a stereotypical ghetto accent when he talks about drugs or anything questionable. I actually am jealous that this motherfucker’s got a Cheddar Bay biscuit from Red Lobster. Sad face: Joe doesn’t call me out by name for finding B9. “They would show a mugshot of this guy, which is clearly not this guy Brian.” Um, I think I said it the other day but I want to know what the world looks like from Joe’s perspective. Another drink. “You’re clearly wrong, you’re trying to diminish me.” Oh Joe, honey, you diminish yourself. Well, your YouTube career, you diminish that. Everything else about you is expanding. Lazy fat joke but Joe is lazy fat, haha! “Sometimes you just need a set of hands.” I can think of one girl who wouldn’t have wanted B9’s hands near her… Also, what a brilliant insight into Joe’s character. “Sure, guy might be a SO but I need a set of hands.” And now Joe wants to act tough like he’d beat up a SO. Um, Joe the only SO you’d ever have the balls to actually hit would be your Significant Other… oh snap, see what I did there? Come at me, ho. “I am the hero most everybody thinks that they are… Hold court in the streets.” I wish I had words. I got nothing. It’s so easy to talk tough in your kitchen. I had a prof in college who used to quote some rap lyrics like, “trigger fingers turned into Twitter fingers” describes Joe to a T. Fucking keyboard warrior. Refilling my glass. Then starts to say he’s Dr. Phil but then, for some reason, starts to reference Chris Hansen… Hmm, I wonder why… Is this a bit of honesty slipping out? And now we get to see a video of B9. I’m gonna re-say this, don’t think that’s a word, whatever. IF and I do mean this, if that offender I found ISN’T B9, I will issue a public apology. I don’t get how you can say that it isn’t or that there isn’t a strong resemblance. But whatever. Post Brian And I get to watch Joe eat. Fuck me. I’ve found that if you watch Joe’s vids at 1.25x he moves like a fit person. Back in the truck, thank god. Oh, he’s discovered if you start early, you can do more! That’s a Class A tip for real! And he’s got truck issues again. Over under on the next repair bill? $3,000 is mine. Oh wow, another Lowes trip. Color me shocked. Interesting, his wife is picking out things. I think she’s taken charge. That might explain the change in video formats. “I don’t have the time to set up this Lowes Pro account even though it takes no time.” What? And a second trip to Lowes. “I almost started talking to the camera without filming.” AHAHAHAHA holy shit, this is gonna be Joe in 3 years. A woman walked onto the early morning bus, smoothed her skirt and sat down towards the back. It was her first day at work and she was excited. The bus was nearly empty except for an older, gray-haired, obese man. He was holding a tripod with what appeared to be a cardboard box cut in the shape of a camera. She watched him without watching him and overheard him. “Folks, we are on our way to the unemployment office, Joe gonna be getting his pay adjusted up. I’ll check back with you when we get there, maybe we’ll go to Lowe’s after.” She shook her head, he must be one of those failed YouTubers. She smiled, satisfied that she would never be him.* “We pressure washed (think he meant tested) two windows and didn’t get any further cause these windows were raining.” It’s almost like there are issues with sealing the house and that there was significant water damage, weird. Who could’ve seen that coming? “There’s a lot of rot around the window.” K, pop quiz: what causes rot? Yes, you, Aly, the drunk on the couch. “Um, water?” “Correct! Your prize is more gin!” A third trip to Lowes. … wait, I thought he said B9 wasn’t with him today? Whatever. And now it’s 4:30 Monday afternoon. God, this mofo needs to learn how to transition. Fuck. AHAHAHAHAHA, k, let’s assume Joe got there at 9am. Robbie Trailer over here does one piece of LVP, maybe one sheet of drywall and one window. Holy fuck what a failure. I’m confident that even drunk I could do more in 7 hours. Wait, I got it! Class A contractor for real! The A stands for “Apathy” or “Asshole” or some other A word. Whoa, some honesty, Joe’s not skilled labor, we’ve been telling you that for years. $80/window for trim… bye bye budget. Conclusion I know I promised two in one but this is already over 7,000 characters so I don’t think it’ll fit in one post. I got nothing, just, I don’t understand this level of delusion. At all. Like, is his plan to just say, “That’s not him!” Until the ATM army forgets about it or lets it go? Whatever, on to my third glass of gin and the second video. Wait, let me pull a Joe, It’s Video 2, Glass 3!

New video yay! Or something like that. “Let’s do Some Work” well, yeah, but are we going to actually see you do any of it? Or is this just going to be you in the truck? God, not even started playing the video and I’m mad. Whatever, let’s do this friends! Intro Ramble Sunday morning, Joe be working on the Sabbath while y’all suckers pray, Joe gets paid! Joe is talking about another game that he should’ve bet on but didn’t. He wanted to be $10k on this game but he didn’t. He had a good feeling about it but he didn’t. If only Joe went with his first instinct instead of thinking about things he’d be rich! Joe, honey, who do you think watches these videos? Never mind. I’ve seen the kinds of people who think you’re amazing. “I tell you all this because I wanna get back into gambling.” Ah gambling: the quickest, most surefire way to make money. Fuck me, we are 90 seconds in and my neck might break from all the head shaking I’m doing. He’s got B9 and he’s wondering if he can keep everyone busy. Um, there’s a lot to do, why would you have problems keeping them busy? Ah, because you can’t pay them, got it! “I was going to completely let myself go until the flip house was done. But I don’t know if I want to do that.” Ok, first: you haven’t let yourself go completely? There’s more you can let go? Fuck, that’s terrifying. And second: isn’t the flip supposed to be done in 1-5 weeks, based on your own timetable? “Lowes why don’t you give me no sponsorship?” Because they want to grow their brand? Although, maybe Home Depot could pretend to be Lowes and pay Joe? That’s some cutthroat marketing right there. At the Flip And a great camera angle of his double chin that his beard can’t hide. I’m sure my doctor is going to tell me I’m sterile and ask how it happened. I’m going to point to these videos. Oh, that’s so cute! He’s got an actual carpenter’s pencil today. Bumbledore must’ve gotten an uprade! Someone should tell him that the pencil won’t actually do the work for him. New window trim is in. I don’t understand the design choices, if you can call them that? Like, we have a completely square top trim but then angled at the bottom and thinner than the top. Ok, I know fuck all about construction but to me it looks like the window is topheavy. Not to mention the gaps in the trim. Some mud will fix that! He didn’t even measure correctly. OMG this is great there’s like an extra half inch of bottom trim just hanging off the edge. Oh and the cinder block is still on the AC unit. “You probably wouldn’t even see it… but I’m meticulous.” Do you ever think that it’d be awesome to see the world and Joe through Joe’s eyes? Like, it’d be terrifying I’m sure but god I would love to see how he views himself. And now we’re getting a look at an “amazing” paint job. Somehow, Joe picked a color that looks like primer to paint the walls. Because when I walk into a kitchen, or really any room, I want to see gray walls. Fuck bright colors. Level 5 ceiling, “there ain’t no lines!” I beg to differ but whatever, I’m just some bitch on the internet. “You ever wake up on a Sunday and feel like you want to tear out every window in your house? That’s some meth bullshit right there.” Poor Joe, can’t even get skinny on meth like everyone else? How the hell do you fail at being a drug addict too? “Joe aka Bob motherfucking Vila” I think of you as his retarded cousin, Robbie Trailer. AHAHAHAHA the back door doesn’t close. Joe walks out of it, it slams… almost shut but hits the frame. Fuck, Joe is such a tease with the nail gun to his head. Nails through the trim or whatever and what does our “meticulous” Robbie Trailer do? “Fuck it, nothing a little caulk won’t fix.” Lunchtime Drive Going to buy floor patch, has some work to do around his house. I hope he can grab Damon for that. Why not put mud on the floor? It seems to be the go-to solution. Back to the Flip Gah! Cut to a shot looking up a Joe and he’s looking at the camera like he’s ready to rape me. Guess I’m safe, I’m too old for B9 and we know Joe can’t get it up. AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA OMG AHAHAHAHAHAHA he’s putting plywood ON TOP of the rotted floor boards. OMFG, yes, yes! This is the Joe I know and love. Thank you Joe! “It’s uneven back there, but there’s a cabinet going back there, so whatever.” Yeah, why put a cabinet on level ground? Fuck this so sad that he’s getting shut down. Joe at Lowes Thank goodness we get to see him at the store! Fuck I don’t care Joe, why are you getting a new stove? Oh because you thought it was better to replace the stove instead of change the dials. Joe’s choices in shopping is pure trash class. Conclusion This might be the last recap of a JDS video and I’m so happy I was able to contribute in some small way. I love this sub and all the shit-talking and just everything. Joe, I know you’re here and if I was single, over 40 and over 250lbs, I would absolutely let you hit it. I’ll recap any drama that comes from all of this and maybe the APS vids if y’all want. Thank you for being a bright spot in my day.

How am I spending my lunch break? Good question that no one asked, but I’ll tell you: watching a JDS video and ripping it apart. I guess it’s recap-thirty as Joe would pant out, his lips fat and covered in spittle. Let’s do this :) Intro Something is wrong: Joe is walking. What the fuck? Ohhhh I know what it is: Joe needs to get in shape for working a regular job after Flip 3 fails. Ok, makes sense. Good on you, Joe! Taking a break from Brian #9 are we? Because he has to work on his vehicle, right ;) ;) Joe is the worst prison philosopher wannabe. “Every time the weather changes, time is passing.” Regular old Nostradumbass over here. You know who Joe is? Joe is your annoying, 13 year old nephew/cousin who’s read Walt Whitman for the first time or maybe “Walden.” But has no idea of context or, well, anything. He just spouts things off until someone says, “Trent, shut up, you’re running Thanksgiving.” ROFL, Joe’s check engine light is back on. Apparently, the shop that did the work said, “Hey, we can’t guarantee any of the work.” Jesus, what kind of horrible shop do you go to? I mean, wow. They must’ve seen Joe coming from a mile away. Something, something, a sucker born every minute. He’s been going there for a couple of years now. What a dumbass. They’re the only mechanic he knows? Um, google, “Mechanics near me.” OMG, “It’s worth it because if I bring my truck in today, they’ll have it done tomorrow.” But it’s not fixed properly? Wait, I see: Joe only does stuff with other “Joes” because you know damn well if Nostradumbass over here ran an auto shop that’s exactly how he’d do it. Listening to Joe talk to himself about traffic and random observations is quality content. And again with the mud work? Dude, you’re not building an adobe shelter, what the hell is this obsession with mud? Joe doesn’t want to spend the time to frame windows the way that would keep them looking historic. Good plan Joe, just decrease that potential resale value. “I’m kinda just rambling this second.” No, Joe, that’s all you do. I swear I get dumber every time I watch one of these videos. Not to sound too mean but can you hurry up and off yourself? I’m lucky I don’t have a partner that I have to explain these things to. Joe’s going to buy some art. No words. I’d hope that the artist would burn their work before selling it to him. “I’ve been setting all these goals and expectations and things I want to see get done… I know I set unrealistic expectations.” Right, but if you know you do that then why do you continue to do it? Do you think that one time you’ll actually do it? Baby steps Joe. Apparently, they’ve painted the bathroom and laundry room and we may get to see those. Oh Joe, don’t you tease me! He feels like the best time to film is when he’s in his truck. God, no Joe, we see through you. The reason you film there is because all the shit you’re doing is unpermitted or illegal. If you’re going to lie to me, lie about something I can’t verify. You know how you used to tell all the girls, well, guys that you had a solid 8 inches? Same concept. Post Lowes Ramble He hops in and he’s panting like he’s running a marathon. Why would you need to ask if some random people do drywall work? I get that you’re trying to be funny but still. “A level can become unlevel” This is another Class A contractor tip: tools can wear out. Remember that folks. “You can tell the quality of the tool by the price.” Whenever I feel like I can’t continue doing these recaps, he’ll drop something that just explains him so perfectly that it’s so delicious. I think that says EVERYTHING you need to know about how he spends money. So he buys a $40 level and then buys a $59 laser level. Now, follow me, maybe you could buy one of them? What the hell happened to your budget? You do know that money problems don’t go away if you don’t acknowledge them, right? In the Flip “Joe the finisher” and cut to seeing a door framed so poorly there are gaps where the moulding meets. Those angles should fit together… “Pretty perfect right there” and cut to another gap between the window trim and the wall. You can’t make this stuff up. “I don’t know if that looks good.” Joe be dropping unintentional truth bombs Minor nitpick on my part but the frame around the door is like 1/2 inch higher than the top of the window frame and it’s driving me crazy “It looks like brand new construction in here; we are doing a fantastic job.” My head, it hurts. And we’re in the bathroom, um, did he forget to seal around the shower wall and tub? Cause it sure looks like he did. And the shower wall doesn’t line up with the tub, OMG, this house is designed to torment someone with OCD. Festival “Sometimes it’s busy and sometimes it’s not.” Really impressive analysis. I think you can say that for most restaurants. And another Class A contractor relaxation tip: You can go to a bar while you wait on a table. Remember that one next time you’re out. “Look at them daddy AF knees.” Poor Joe, you’ll never be a father and thank god for that. “Let’s go find us some art.” Truly an art afficianado Gross a shot of his gut. I’m going to be sick And Joe panting and riding. Nope, not what you’re thinking, he’s just winded from lazily biking. Joe on a bike out here looking like a knock off Louis Rossmann. Can’t you be original? I love the way his wife laughs: like every woman who knows she has to give her husband something or he’s just going to get louder and more obnoxious.

Ok, so, we get a video on Sunday because it may be the Sabbath for the DEMFs but a Class A contractor and real estate magnate? It’s just another day to work and stack that paper! Intro Rambling Woah, we’re starting off in the truck AFTER work has been done?!? Guess Joe is trying to keep these videos short, good plan. Watching Joe try to figure out how much time is between 9 and 11:40 is too good. I know that some of the stupidity is an act but then there are moments of truth and I love those. Let me get this right: B9 comes out of the gas station smelling like weed and Joe gets mad at him but still takes him to work? Ugh, this is gonna be a long review. So. If you’re that mad about it because you’re concerned the homeowners may smell it, why take him? Seems like a risk you wouldn’t take… unless Daddy was the customer and there’s no real risk. I do like that that’s supposedly what Joe was upset about, not the fact that someone would be operating machinery in a commercial setting under the influence, no, that doesn’t even cross his mind. And lastly, why the fuck are you publicly blasting him with him in the car? Jesus, no wonder you can’t find anyone to work for you. “Brian you’re a representative of me out there, we got to be professional.” Truer words were never spoken. He truly is a representation of you Joe, just not in the ways you think.  “How am I to work for?” “Oh you’re great to work for.” I mean, if that were true why do you have so many problems finding and keeping help? I’m sure you slipped him a $20 to say that but at this point, having seen so many helpers and hearing the stories, it rings hollower than your wife’s uterus. We’re picking up cabinets today. Damon is still at the flip. I feel bad for him, he’s really the one doing work. Joemo & Chomo radio hour coming to you live from Joe’s truck on KDDL, Kiddie Diddle radio! Stop trying to make “Craiglist Contractors” happen, it’s not going to happen. “Paint sprayer went right out the window when we decided to go pricier on the cabinets.” OR… it went out the window when you looked at your budget, such as it is. Post Work Ramble Ending the day at 3:21 yeah, you’re really busting your ass on this last chance at success. “Blew up the new ceiling fan in the kitchen.” Isn’t this after you were talking about a ceiling fan installation business? Hey Joe, I’ve got a riddle for you: What does your ceiling fan business and your sperm have in common? Both dead on arrival. Something I just noticed: why is this video all about the kitchen? What happened to the living room? Joe, you were working on the mantle, you had a plan, you were making it work! Oh… someone found something and is now trying to distract us with cabinets. Very clever. Ranting about B9 smoking weed and again talking about how that’s a representation of him and that’s not the look he wants. Gotcha, so the look you’re fine with is: Overweight, washed up, YouTuber who knowingly hires sex offenders? But the look you’re NOT fine with is: Guy who lets people smoke weed before beginning work? I mean, something, something, priorities? And Joe’s teasing APS coming back next week. I can’t say that I’m excited for it, there’s only so much mediocre content I can stomach. Conclusion You know, the lower Joe falls, the more we learn about him. We’ve learned his priorities in employees and we’ve learned about his true finances and we’ve learned about how he reacts when everything’s on the line. I’m happy knowing he’s proving himself to be just as shitty and worthless as we thought. Last thing: if you mention B9’s charges in the discord, your post will be deleted. I may have found that out this morning :)

And we’ve got a Saturday video to review. Let’s do this. I think I’m going to try for a more dramatic, story focused review. Well, I say that now but we’ll see how it goes. Let’s also see if the chomo makes an appearance. Intro Joe got a $7k Lowe’s credit card… at 27% interest. He thinks it’ll be a good idea to pay it off monthly. Yes Joe, that’s what responsible people do but those people aren’t Class A contractors. Also, Joe looks like a mentally handicapped kid taken on his first hunting trip with the orange shirt and wannabe safety goggles. Our little boy is growing up, just don’t let him near the guns. He’s discussing cabinetry options. I will say that if he’s playing a “Class A Contractor” role he’s doing a good job of it. We’ve got safety goggles, orange shirt and for some reason he’s holding a pencil like a retarded wizard. Bumbledore? Whatever, I’ll come back to that later. More importantly! He thinks he can save $200 on the purchase. I guess he didn’t read the fine print that the subreddit posted. At least we’ll get a drama video out of it. I do feel bad for the poor Lowes employee that will have to deal with him. Today’s plan is to work on the living room. And I’m sorry, I can’t take him seriously, like at all, when he’s pointing and waving around a pencil, forget “Bumbledore” it’s “Mr. Holland’s Doofus.” Doesn’t know if B9 will show up. I hope not, as a human. But as a drama slut? I want Brian showing up and more camera time. “People say I’ve been slacking on the videos… it’s this house first.” Whoever called APS being demonetized, I believe you’re the winner! Please collect your prize of a 2 liter of Dr. Pepper by DMing me. Secondly, yeah, your shitty flip comes first? Um, how hard is it to call people and have shitty conversations that are worse than the worst Uber driver? I’d criticize more but I hate criticizing working men like Joe, guys with #2 pencils in their hands are just, god, I’m so wet right now. And more truth! “I’ve got everything on the line with this house, I don’t know if you guys know but I spent everything to do this.” I knew it, those moments of despair and near honesty were actually genuine. And it says something about Joe: if you’ve risked it all and this HAS to succeed and this is the amount of effort you put in, damn. Joe believes the contractor from Flip 1 parking next to him is ironic and then references Alannis Morrissette’s song. If I wasn’t convinced he was functionally retarded, I’d say that was some pro level irony that my professors would appreciate. God damn Joe bumbles into greatness sometimes. He’s going to max his Lowes card. This is gonna be great! Mid Day Break? We’ve got B9 in the front of the truck and we’re heading to the dump. He claims the trailer is overloaded. I’m watching this damn thing in 1080 and full screen and I can’t really see anything in there. Still no shot of him working. I love this post-modern take on DIY. Oh, the plan is to unload as quickly as possible? Gosh, really? And now he’s talking shit on a guy with a dump trailer. He’s proud that he’s emptied his trailer quickly. “Who needs a dump truck when you got two guys who work like dump trucks?” Well, people that haul for a living, Bumbledore. I take things to the dump too but I don’t need a dump trailer because it’s so infrequent, you dumb ass. And we’re on our way to pick up paint. God I’m bored. B9 is telling Joe that there is a rare disease that happens to people who DON’T smoke. These two are a match made in heaven. There’s a concerted effort to actually not show B9. I wonder how next week’s vids will go after the posting of the registry. And I’ve got a another shot of him to post. Damn, I’m really thinking it’s him. Even if it’s not, he looks like the kinda guy that would chase someone on their morning jog. “We’ve already been 2-500lbs overloaded today.” Nope, too easy. Ride Home/Lunch Break “Trying to keep the guys busy, doing pretty good at that.” You know, it wasn’t more than 10 minutes ago that you were telling us that this is your last chance, your Eminem moment, and you’re delegating to a chomo and Damon. If the contracting thing doesn’t work out you’ve got a career in project management. And back from lunch and he’s picking and sucking food out of his teeth. Do you ever think his wife just asks herself, “What the fuck did I do?” How am I going to know that you’re going to do work, there’s no pencil in your hand? Comment Responses Joe’s responding to someone saying he doesn’t have the right to be made because he’s not paying enough. I love this attitude of his. Have you seen the current job market? Bruh, you need to adjust and pay people decently. Especially since construction laborers here start at $20. And do I need to explain this to the Wagyu Wizard? You get what you pay for. I wouldn’t be mad loading up stuff for my job, for the flip house into which I’ve sunk my savings, the house that HAS to make a profit in order for me to continue this YouTube career. So, you know what? Fuck out of here. If I put my savings on the line, you’re god damn right I’m doing it all. And Joe, since I know you creep this subreddit, I did put my savings and retirement on the line to start a business. It didn’t work out, but while we were grinding, I was working 16+ hour days, 7 days a week. You’re a shitty boss. You’re the worst type of boss that no one will ever be loyal to and will fuck over as soon as possible. There is no rate at which I will be ready at the drop of a hat and if that’s expected by a boss of mine, I find a new job. Just because you pay someone doesn’t make them your slave. Final Thoughts “I want to work all day and all night but that’s not possible.” Why isn’t it? You’re the boss, as you so succinctly pointed out. You can certainly work whenever you want. And it’s 3:30 and he’s calling it a day. Good job Joe. Way to really treat this as do or die. Oh, and his sleeve on this new shirt of his is torn. I think he’s cutting them himself. There’s no way that’s happening organically. “Sorry for all the riding around and stuff, it is Joe Does Stuff…” Nope, it’s Joe talks about stuff and wastes time. I’m beyond pissed off. I’m certainly no fan of Joe’s but hearing that he wants his workforce ready at the drop of a hat and he believes he pays enough that he can demand that is so fucked up. I’ve never heard someone so entitled. Just because you pay me doesn’t make me your bitch. Fuck off. I can’t wait for you to fail and go bankrupt.

Friday night date night with Joe. This should be good. Only 19 minutes, I think I can do this. Hope all y’all DEMFs have a great weekend. Introduction $2,000 for a day’s worth of work on his truck… $311 for spark plugs, $190 Ignition coil, $119 serpentine belt, $103 belt tensioner, $179 air filter (HAHA), $90 for oil, $29 gasket, hood latch, $59 fuel injector cleaner (OMG HAHAHA). $1,200 in parts and $700 in labor. AHAHAHAHAHA wow, Joe, you need to get an OnlyFans ASAP! You’re an expert at getting fucked. I mean, all of that should be easily done for under $750 by yourself and a few hours. That shop must love him. He’s ordering paint now. Are we looking at the same house? I hope he gets a better deal than Sherman Williams. And he’s buying a paint sprayer. That’ll be something that he uses for one, maybe two rooms, before he breaks it. At least we’ll get another JPG Class A Tip out of it. “Folks, when using a paint sprayer, you can’t just dump paint into it, you gots to thin it out, like how ol’ Joe be doing with his diet. Anyway, just another tip so y’all can learn from me.” Ooh, we’re working on the living room today. Time to see that floor! Apparently there’s wallpaper on the ceiling of the kitchen that B9 is removing but underneath is some level 5 shit. Like, you glue wallpaper on right? So you pull that off but it doesn’t come off clean right? Whatever, I’m convinced after listening to everyone that Joe has no idea what these levels are much less how to judge them. “There’s so much freaking caulk and silicone and sealer…” Gosh, I wonder why? Probably there was a leak and no one knew how to seal it properly. Just a guess. It’s Lesson Time with JPG!!! Come gather round DEMFs! Sherman Williams is no longer a rip-off, still get your primer from Lowe’s dough. But wall color paint is great at Sherman Williams! So again, kids, remember that you should shop around and compare prices before buying. Of course, that ONLY applies to home flipping; not to car repair. With car repair you just pay whatever they tell you, that’s a Class A move. Fuck me, that intro was eight minutes of a 19 minute video. God, damn, how can one man say so little with so many words? Wait, this was the drive to the house for lunch? We didn’t even get the morning ramble? I feel ripped off! Post Lunch Aww, again I feel robbed. I didn’t get to see him eat watermelon and suck down Mountain Dew. What the fuck, Joe? Are you reading our comments and actually trying to be less disgusting? Knock that shit off. Ugh, I’m so bored. There’s like no flexing going on, there’s no outrageous claims, it’s just bad. Oh he’s “pleasantly aggravated” today. But he’s on his way to Lowes. Oh you’re going through razor blades quickly? Do you have a spare I can borrow? “It’s days like today I’m like ‘fuck it, I’m gonna work all damn night!’” There we go, that’s what I was missing. Sure Joe, if by work all night you mean work until five or six, sure. But there’s no fucking way you work past 8 and miss your din din? “It doesn’t feel like all that productive of a day” Tell me when they actually are productive, like, riddle me that, FatMan, when are you productive? I mean, you got Damon and your sex offender sidekick out there doing work while you drive and film. The living room is going slow and he feels like it’s because he’s not getting a lot done that it’s not productive. Which, I’m going to call bullshit on right fucking now. God damn I’m pissed. I’ve had days and I’m sure everyone here has had days where you’re working on something all day and you make almost no progress, either because something unexpected comes up or you try something and it doesn’t work so you have to backtrack. BUT, I’ve never had one of those days where I said, “I was unproductive today.” Because at the end of it, those mistakes and set backs were just lessons. I think Joe is admitting he’s doing nothing. Joe’s getting ready to rant. “The nerve of some people…” I’m on the edge of my chair waiting for this. He’s whining that B9 had the nerve to ask for more money after Joe bumped his pay from $100/day to $120/day after a couple days and then Joe tosses him another $20. Um, Joe, this is why you need to be consistent in your hours and pay scale. You can’t randomly pay people and then get mad when they ask for more. I get the argument that the other $20 was extra for driving him around but at the same time, if Joe paid consistently, it wouldn’t come up. Next, you say “all he did was scrape wallpaper” Ok, but that needed to be done, so he did it. I’m not seeing the issue here. And if he wasn’t doing it as fast as you wanted, why didn’t you help him? Why didn’t you act like a manager and say, “Ok, we need to do this faster so I’m going to hop in and help but you need to work harder tomorrow”? Nope, you decide to do your passive aggressive whine in your car, away from everyone. You chicken shit little bitch. “I set unbelievably, unrealistic expectations on the days.” You don’t say? Ok, we need to start betting on what the hell happened to Joe. Because this is like two or three videos in a row where truth has slipped out and Joe seems to have realized he fucked up. Something must be horribly wrong if Joe’s ego can’t protect him. And the $2k to fix the truck maxed out his credit card. Joe sounds, I don’t know how to adequately describe this, but he sounds defeated. He sounds broken. This is the Joe from the last video. I’m actually shocked. I think the last two minutes of this video are the most important. I think we’re seeing the beginning of the end, like, actual, concrete proof that this is the end. I don’t want to jinx it, but I think it is. The sound of his voice is a sound I’ve heard from friends when they were at the end of their rope and can’t hide anymore.

It’s Friday Eve and I’ve woken up to a new video from JPG. Could today get any better? I don’t think so. Sadly, because I am technically at work and technically supposed to be working on a project I can’t drink. However, no where in my contract does it say I can’t watch bottom-of-the-barrel YouTubers and write snarky commentary, so here we go! Intro Fuck me, the world is going to hell in a handbasket. I hate to admit this but Joe coming up with “It’s week 3, month 2, flip 3” actually has a flow to it that I don’t despise. Fuck. Get it together Aly, you can snark, breathe, let’s focus and do this. We’re getting the kitchen put in this week, at least that’s his hope. I kinda want him to finish it because I want to see more rooms get damaged from him having to tear up the upstairs. I will say that he looks fearful, almost like he’s realized how fucked he is. Like, if I just listen to it, he sounds, well, normal. But you pair it with the visual element and this mofo is scared. Even his cadence is off, he’s quiet and, I’m now convinced the prison accent is completely fake. This Joe is the kind of guy who’s in trouble, knows it and is trying to pretend that it’s ok. If it weren’t Joe, I’d feel pity. But, since it is Joe, holy fuck y’all, shit must be BAD!!!! Not to belabor the point, but at the 50 second mark, he actually starts to go with the old Joe for like a second or two and bam, reality sets back in and he’s back to drowning Joe. Oh, this is gonna be good. Joe decides to address Brian #9’s charges and says, “There’s nothing on any kind of sex offender registry.” Well, we know that’s a lie because I spent a drunken hour going through the damn VA registry by first name, last initial and found him. They aren’t nothing. Once Alpra gives me permission, I’ll post it. But hey, if y’all thought that Joe was a scumbag before, just wait til you see who he’s hired. I don’t mean for this to turn into some kind of vocal analysis, but the first three minutes of this video are fascinating. We go from scared and honest Joe to him talking about going to a concert, trying to flex and his voice sounds hollow and fake, especially when juxtaposed to the first two minutes. Mid-Day “I shoulda recorded earlier.” Yes Joe, you should record things for your YouTube channel. Based on your diet, I know you don’t think that it’s a visual medium, but it is. Thank goodness we’re back to stupid Joe, I couldn’t handle putting much actual thought and analysis into his videos. And he’s heading back for lunch. Is this the new format? Intro in the truck, cut to lunch, nearly vomit while watching him eat and then back in the truck at the end of his day? Fuck me, how do you create 25 minutes of content out of that? “Joe lookin like a drywall finisher level 5.” Um, shouldn’t you be lookin like a Class A contractor? “That drywall work in the kitchen is something to be admired.” Then show it! Not to be too personal but Joe reminds me of an ex when I was like 19. He’d constantly tell me stories about stuff he was doing/working on but he never showed me anything. He’d also tell weird stories about work, about his exes, everything. Anyway, the point is, that when I actually saw what he did at his job, it was not what it was built up to be. Joe, you lie like a 19 year old boy, try harder. And he immediately follows up by saying there’s bad mud work but it’ll be hidden behind cabinets. Never change Joe. And he’s put more mud in the bathroom. I kinda hope he didn’t hang the drywall correctly and the weight of all the mud pulls down a sheet or two. Like, it’d be classic Joe if he missed the studs completely and it’s just tape and mud holding things up. Lunch “There’s no time to be eating when we’re supposed to be working.” But there is time to film you sitting at your counter? Weird priorities. But he does have a rootbeer… that’s nearly empty. Looks like Joe is pretending to not eat. Even on his day off, JPG be working! He helped a neighbor install a ceiling fan and, get this, he didn’t have to look at the instructions. I mean, I’d hope not, it’s like three wires and two screws… I’ve changed out a ceiling fan and I’m an office monkey. He’s so proud. If he were mentally retarded, I’d be cheering for him. “Could you imagine making $1,200 a day, $7,000 a week…” I bet you know what that was like Joe. “Joe been messing with that white stuff.” And a shot of his dirty hands. No joke here, but I’m gonna let it sit so y’all can get that image in your heads. Please don’t let me suffer alone. And we get one of the most important and revealing insights into Joe’s mentality. “You know you’re living right when you’re out of shape.” I mean, I think everyone here would argue the exact opposite of that, but wow does it explain EVERYTHING. I love when Joe drops these nuggets of knowledge. Jesus, we’re 9 minutes in. This might be the longest one of these reviews. After work Sounds like a pulley is loose or the belt. Yeah, real broken. Something that you can fix in an hour is your definition of broken. Or is this an excuse to buy a new truck? Please say yes. “Without a truck, things are gonna be tough.” This is maddening. You claim to be this bad ass Class A contractor, Joe can fix anything and everything but you can’t replace a fucking tensioner?!? God, no wonder your wife is getting railed by other dudes. Incompetence is such a fucking turn-off. Tuesday Morning “What a calamity we up against.” He loaded 14 sheets of drywall by himself. Gosh Joe, how did you manage that? Get to the calamity! Oh, his help wasn’t ready to work this morning. Cue the rant about how Joe hates it when people aren’t working. Delicious, I wonder what would pair well with this irony? Maybe a red? “Major work in that front room. It looks like there was a leak at some point…” But no damage, no rot? Um, did I dream that video where you were breaking off chunks of the floor like graham crackers? JPG, the G stands for gaslighting. Yeah, there’s no moisture in the walls because water goes downhill… And there’s rot around every single window. Ooh, another JPG Class A tip! If you don’t know how to metal wrap, you can use PVC exterior trim material. Really? I bet this tip applies to other things, like, if I don’t have copper pipes I could use pex pipes! OMG, you mean there’s more than one thing you can use? Wow, I bow at the feet of the greatest living contractor. Hallowed be his name! Larry Lawton Now he’s mentioning Larry Lawton, god this is gonna be good. Back in a sec, I need to do some actual work. “Joe, you’re the godfather of prison YouTube.” Good to know that despite not getting more than 8k views on his videos that his ego is still intact, I was worried. And now we know Joe is lying his ass off. “Was he ever a sex offender? Like I don’t know.” Joe, those records are permanent. And I don’t know how you get off that list but I’m guessing it’s next to impossible. If you HAD looked him up, you’d know. “None of his stories ever make a whole lot of sense.” Right, because lies don’t make sense. It’s how we know you’re full of shit because your stories are, well, bad. “You shouldn’t talk trash about me, I’m a good guy.” Oh Joe, I’m not talking trash about you. I’m just pointing out how stupid you are. But props to you for saying you’re a good guy with a straight face. Your self-delusion game is strong. Aly’s Rant “I try to give everyone a fair shake and I get a bad rap for that.” No, no, that’s not why. Look, I’m an absolute hippie and would agree that our prison system needs reform and the focus should be on rehab and creating productive members of society and all that. I’ll even be with you on helping people get jobs after prison. But, and just like your wife, this is a big but, I don’t support you helping sex offenders. I’m sorry, but there are some crimes that are unforgivable. If an adult is going to take advantage of a child, they are a piece of shit unworthy of life. You’re helping them, so fuck you. “I’m always thinking out of the box in some kind of effort to help folks.” Jesus, no, that’s not true either. Everything and I mean EVERYTHING you do is for yourself. Don’t you dare try to say that it’s not. You absolute waste of flesh. You had an opportunity to use your platform and the money you were making for good. You could’ve partnered with non-profits to raise awareness and support for ex-cons. You could’ve started a non-profit. You could’ve hired people to start and run your businesses ethically and hire people fresh out of prison. You could’ve done all of that but you didn’t What did you do instead? You scammed people. You lied about people. You caused drama. You focused on flexing instead of doing something to help others. I’ve said this before and I’m going to say it now: when the post mortem of APS is written the conclusion will be, “what a fucking waste.” You have wasted potential that could’ve had positive reverberations for years to come. You could’ve shown ex-cons a different way, a different life and you didn’t. You had the power to do good and you chose, let me repeat that, YOU CHOSE to do evil. You are a destructive force in everyone’s life and the damning thing is, you don’t see it or, worse yet, you view yourself as a force for good.

What the hell Joe? Posting this stuff while I’m working, not cool. Well, fine, let’s do this! Also as a tease, I believe I found the SO’s charges and their registration, just waiting on the mods to approve me posting it. I’m also trying something new with headings and screenshots. If you like it let me know, if not, tell me to stop trying to be fancy and just write :) Damn, didn’t even click the video yet. Joe’s thumbnail game, just wow. “I did all of this…” what? You pixelated the house? Good job? Introductory Rambling 15 seconds in, “I’m addicted to the work.” Ok Aly, just breathe, just breathe. You’re addicted to the work? You mispronounced “crack” but baby steps Joe, we’ll get you there. Oh never mind, he’s only going to put in an hour or hour and a half. Yeah, you wouldn’t want to work too hard on the weekends. You’ve got nosebleed seats at a jr. college sporting event and you don’t want to be too tired to attend. What the actual fuck?! He actually used the correct word “further” and not “farther”. How the hell does he get that right but can’t pronounce moratorium?! Fuck. Deep breath, in through the nose, out through the mouth, there you go. 45 seconds in and I think I may write a novel. Joe discussing anyone’s health issues is, I don’t know what’s past irony but he’s there. No longer worried about writing a novel because I’m watching Joe eat crab dip. At least he’s not panting or dripping it on himself. And a cut to his crotch with crab meat. Joe wants to turn Shifflete into a food distributor… oh dear lord. Can you imagine Joe trying to comply with food safety regs? Joe, honey, focus on one failure at a time. You’re spreading yourself thin. Not literally thin but you know what we mean. Already spent $10k and change on the flip house. And for what? An unfinished bathroom, unfinished laundry room and some wood? Not to mention the labor and fuel costs. We should start a pool on how much this ends up costing Joe. My money’s on $47.9k. AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA god Joe, never change. He plans to spend another $10k and he believes he’ll be finished. Jesus Joe’s going to cut so many corners that house is gonna be a circle. (Not happy with that joke but I’ll leave it in) And in the Guerrero tradition of good financial decisions he’s decided that he needs a Lowe’s credit card. Someone tell me if that’s different than the Class A contractor account I’m sure he has? Also, store credit cards are ridiculously bad ideas unless you pay them off each month. The interest rate will probably be around 25-30%, so basically what he finances his cars and furniture for. I’m sure he’ll be fine. “My credit is… really, really, good. But I don’t know how much they’ll approve me for, maybe $1,500.” Those statements can’t be true, but whatever. Flip House LOL, Joe in his little headband, you know what popped into my head? He looks like a white trash ninja turtle, like “Dumbatello”. “It doesn’t look like shit except for the fact that it’s so bright and open in here.” I swear to god Joe is the master of non-sequiturs or not quite that, just contradictory sentences. The porno background music isn’t helping either. Especially since we know he hires sex offenders. Um, I don’t know what I’m looking at, you haven’t bothered to insulate all the way. There are gaps everywhere. Like, none of this looks good. It looks half-assed and yet there was a ton of time spent on it, it’s… I’m confused. “Mind you, I did all of this.” Yeah, Joe, it shows. He’s so proud of himself, it’s kinda cute. Like when you have a handicapped child bring home a finger-painting they did; yeah, you’re happy and impressed but we both know it’s not good. Joe is that retarded kid finger-painting. “I’ll take ya out my back door.” Nope, too easy. Next joke. And now he’s proud of the window install, but, um, well. This doesn’t look good, but you do you. “So for anybody who ever says, ‘Oh Joe you ain’t doing nothing over there.’ Trust me when I tell ya…” Um, it’s been, by my count and yours, 6 weeks. And in that time we’ve got a bunch of mud in the bathroom, bunch of mud in the laundry room three new windows, one new door and about a dozen trips to Lowes. I’m pretty sure the stuff you’ve done could and should be done in a week. In a discussion of the pole sander: we get a shot of Joe’s boobs. There is no god, no heaven. Followed by a close up shot of Joe’s gut with him slapping it. And listening to him clear this throat and suck snot. Ironically, Joe is great for your diet. Listen and watch him and you won’t eat. “My corners are taking the longest to dry.” Maybe because you’re putting pounds of mud on? Just a thought. He’s going to try and get a Lowe’s card with 20% off his first purchase and max it out. Good luck, that won’t get flagged for fraud. Also, most, if not all, credit cards have these “velocity controls” on them. You try that, it’s incredibly likely the purchase won’t get approved. But that’ll be a fun video to watch, “Why I’m Leaving Lowe’s for Home Depot.” With the standard “I didn’t want to make this video” thumbnail. Joe Out and About Bragging about a $12 chicken sandwich, um, good for you? Oh and you had tater tots and cheese? Damn Joe, you be looking good, losing all that weight! Sorry, scratch that, take two: Damn Joe, you be losing all those years off your life expectancy! There we go. Another shot of Joe’s boobs. $150 for cowboy boots for his wife. Good investment for something that will be worn once every few years. And now a shot of her in them. Maybe it’s the angle but damn she’s got some skinny legs. I hate to make this joke but she kinda looks like if you held a frog up with its fat stomach and spindly legs. “I ain’t no mom.” Yeah, we know. Thank goodness for that. Why, just why are we getting continual shots of his stomach? Joe is the cure for heterosexuality and homosexuality. Someone call Jerry Falwell and he can set up a conversion therapy camp. These videos really test my creativity. Like, there are times I feel like I’m being asked to watch paint dry and write a 1,000 word essay on it. There’s so much nothing. It’s like anti-content.

What a way to begin the weekend, I get to roast Joe! I’ve noticed that he’s started growing out his beard and trimming it, oddly enough, him groomed is somehow more child predator-ish than the scruff. Whatevs, let’s do this!!!! Oh Joe, we aren’t a minute in and you’re giving me gifts. Seriously, you drop a few lbs and you produce this kind of content and I’ll let you slide into my DMs. I love someone who can make me laugh. Alright, so, let’s go, “I see a lot of people in the comments wanting me to showcase the work.” Yes, Joe, yes, we want you to show us the renovation on your home renovation show. Weird. Breathe because that’s just an appetizer for the main course. “The reason I’m not doing that is because pause for lie a lot of times we’re never getting done what we say and hope we’re getting done.” Now, before you say, “Panda, you said he was pausing to think up a lie,” hang on, I got you. Yes, that’s totally true that he’s not getting done what he wants to get done… but the real reason is, “The shit I’m doing ain’t no ways legal or up to code and I can’t have evidence.” So, Joe decides to lie by omission and tell us a small, superficial truth as lie. Teasing us with a laundry room reveal… as he heads into the storage unit before going to Lowes. How is it this dipshit can have a storage unit, constantly take trips to Lowes but NOT have basic tools like grinders? Like, even I have a socket set, drill, metric and standard wrenches and some screwdrivers and I live in an apartment and have NO skills. I said it in the last review, but Joe is impressive. This level of functional mental retardation should be studied. “I’m over here for no reason.” Other than to pad the runtime of my videos. “That was a big ol waste of frickin’ time right there.” I’ll take “Title of Joe’s Autobiography for $1,000” Alex. And panting and wheezing after getting out of the truck, looking around the storage unit and getting back into the truck. Joe, I know I rag on you, but you need to go to a doctor. That’s not normal. He’s going to try and reuse the flooring in the kitchen because it’s cost effective. So his plan is to grind off whatever he’s calling “quick set”(?) I’m guessing that’s what, like the stuff you stick the tiles on with those rubber crosses? This last sentence is why no one would hire me to work construction :) Is that like a legit idea? Cause, that seems hella wasteful to grind off stuff to reapply it instead of just ripping up the flooring? Oops, forgot, when does Joe care about being cost-effective? Seriously, some university get at me and let’s do a study of him. Joe’s buying paint and supposedly over paying by buying from Sherman Williams, that company is definitely sketch. All of this is leading into Joe’s Contractor Tips: you should shop around and compare prices. Remember that, always compare prices. That’s just Joe helping you out with some Class A Contractor secrets. Gross, I get to see him film the rip in his jeans. This is way too close to a crotch shot. <insert gagging noises here>. For someone so fucking concerned about appearances why the hell are you walking around in shitty jeans? Why don’t you have a pair of work pants? Like, I don’t know, googles work pants like Dickies or Duluth Trading Co, something durable? Look, I love my jeans too, but no way in hell am I doing work in them. Here’s a discussion on the roof, is it a discussion about inspecting for water damage? Maybe seeing how fucked the siding is… especially since 30 seconds ago you talked about the rain coming in? Nope. He’s checking for vents. God, we are under 8 minutes in and there’s nothing going on. Something, something, sound and fury signifying nothing, it is a tale told by an idiot. Shakespeare predicted Joe. 9:30 and nothing is done, so how is it different than any other day? Oh god, the bib. I can’t. I… dear lord, what the hell? Why? Why on God’s green flat earth would you ever film yourself with a bib? Forget that it just looks sloppy and looks like you’re some weird man-child. Well, more of a man-child. Could you play into the sloppy fat guy aesthetic any more? I’m so grossed out and just, I feel dirty, I feel shame and it’s not even me. Ok, I’ve minimized the video so I don’t have to watch this. He’s rambling and incredibly non-specific, add that to my file of evidence for all the shit he’s doing is illegal or out of compliance and can’t have proof. “We’re doing all carpet and LVP. And you may think to yourself, ‘damn Joe you’re doing this kinda cheap ain’t ya?’” Yeah, we knew that. But, um, you’re planning to list this for $230-250k, you think if someone who can afford that walks in and sees LVP and NO tile they’re going to be like, “Yup, this is the place!” Spoiler alert: they won’t. He’s thinking about renting it… yes! Oh dear god, yes, please, please turn this into a rental property. I will personally come out and help with background checks, I will do the lawn maintenance, I will do anything if you turn this into a rental. Holy fuck I am tingling all over from the thought of him navigating rental laws and all the fun that will happen. OMG, you dumb fuck, there was an eviction moratorium and your dumbass wants to become a landlord? HAHAHAHAHA yes, please, let’s make this happen! Joe I believe in you! “I could sell it and make a killing.” Sad face, Joe, did you not read my napkin/back of the envelope analysis of the housing market in your area? I thought you read my stuff, I thought I meant something to you? Well, fine, whatever, I still support your rental dreams. “I’m tired of the taxes. I want loopholes.” Do you think that landlords collect rent tax free? Wait, yes, let’s let him believe that. Oh god, the content that we’re going to get from Slumlord Joe. This sub is gonna be my new favorite place on the internet. Brian #9 is on camera! AHAHAHAHA, he may or may not be a sex offender and for this bit, I hope he’s not. “Did you buy this used?” The look on Joe’s face, that’s what I’m talking about. Brian, if you’re not evil, you’re my fave person today for that. “You’ll get to see how I make a video.” “Oh.” Said with all the enthusiasm of someone finding out that they get to attend a two hour Zoom meeting. “How you like working with me?” “It’s alright.” LMAO. God, the anger on Joe’s face, I’m so happy right now. Seriously, it’s at the 18:25 mark, y’all have to see this. And now we have asshole Joe on full display asking where this guy sleeps and then criticizing him for sleeping in the McDonald’s parking lot. You motherfucker. Hey, seems to me you’ve got a house, you want to help people, why don’t you let him sleep in your house OR let him park and sleep in your driveway if you don’t want him inside. Oh no, that would be helpful, instead you’ll use him for content. Again, Joe, I’m impressed, you somehow manage to embody the worst aspects of men, capitalism, YouTuber Influencer culture and construction worker. “There’s a lot of police that sit out here during the day.” My man Brian coming through, “Yeah, I don’t care.” Is Brian on this subreddit? Guy suffers from PTSD and ADHD and Joe, peak douche, “I suffer from that.” Nope, you’re just an asshole. Wow, how generous of Joe, “I told Brian if he needs a place to stay, he can stay in the garage at that house.” I mean, I guess it’s something but, I don’t believe it happened. Because, there’s no way that would’ve happened and Joe not filmed it. The main takeaway is that we need to do everything we can to convince Joe to become a landlord. I can only imagine how great this content will be. Have a great weekend!

Oh boy, we’re getting a bathroom reveal and some sex offender charges. I can understand why Joe hasn’t installed a vanity in the bathroom, his vanity is taking up too much room. Alright, let’s do this, 20 minutes, gin in hand and a pizza ordered. Seven seconds in and I have to pause. Can we talk about the thumbnail? Like, if I ever saw that coming at me, I’d be screaming and running for my life. Thankfully, Joe has no endurance so I could get away, but fuck, I’m gonna have some nightmares. “I’m gonna get some major clarification…” Again, do this before you hire someone. Oh yeah, it’s real hard to find help. Well, for what you’re paying and your fucked up schedule. Again, work a regular 40 and you’ll have no problems finding people. Sanding and mudding for a third time? Someone with more knowledge than me, like, do you need to do that much? Like, I’ve done some drywall and patched holes, like, it’s one… maybe two coats, sand, prime, sand and paint, right? Oh, casual homophobia disguised as “dick eater” because someone won’t let Joe in. I feel like there’s a closeted Joe joke in there somewhere. “This dude is driving erratic” says the man holding a camera shooting a Youtube while driving in rush hour traffic. Maybe I won’t need pizza tonight, the delicious irony will fill me up… just like how Joe wishes he could fill a nice man or maybe be filled by a nice man, no judgement here, I’m like Planet Fitness, Planet Fitness dick in you, am I right? Sorry, I’ll grow up. Seriously, Joe, come out. I have a couple single gay friends, I’ll put in the good word. “Pretty substantial issue up near the roof.” Looking at the photo, um, that doesn’t look good. How do you miss that? I mean, I know Joe said fuck an inspection but wow, um, look up? “We did a shitton, I did a shitton…” nope, I think you meant to say “Damon and Brian” but fine. I mean, we don’t have any video evidence either way. I wonder if Joe will ever put some home renovation footage in his home renovation videos. “How do you replace siding that you don’t have and may not find in that color, let me tell you my life hack.” Oh, you mean, buy siding and paint-match? I’m 99% sure ANYONE with common sense could come up with that. But hey, that’s just some Class A contractor level knowledge there. Truly, we are blessed. Going to Lowe’s to buy rags. One of the things I remember from my childhood was my dad would let us help him clean and wax the cars and he had these t-shirts that were old and ratty looking that we would use. Legit loved spending time with my dad doing that. But back to Joe, um, use a t-shirt? I’m sure you have plenty of shirts that don’t fit that you could use. Quick time out: I also think we can say that Joe got cash from daddy. There’s no way he should be spending money this frivolously, even for Joe, when the costs of everything have skyrocketed the way he has. So, either he got a daddy cash infusion or he’s just said “fuck it, I’mma live on credit.” Not even six minutes in. Cleaning the yard, I’m so confused. Why not clean the upstairs? And another reference to “there was a major moisture problem in that house; that moisture problem is gone now.” Let’s take bets: flood damage, leaking roof and continual water flow? If that’s the case, I don’t know how those joists are still good. Chomo story time So far sounds like a domestic violence and child neglect shit. Joe sure does attract the best people. He slaps a CO on the ass and that puts him on the sex offender list? I mean, I guess there are fucked up charges but do we believe this? Ok, so listening to him ramble and basically lie, I get why Joe likes him. Not only is he a pervert (see the thumbnail of this video) but his lies are so, just, wow. Oh, the dad of the CO you slapped was in charge of the jail and liked you but somehow you got a charge? Um, sure. I think Joe found his soul mate. The Reveal That’s what he’s spent four weeks on? It’s not often Joe leaves me speechless but uh, ok, I’m not a Class A contractor, but those corners don’t look good. I can see the edge thing you put over it (real technical term, sorry), there’s chunks that haven’t been sanded down. Did I have a stroke and imagine that he bought a new sander and made a big deal out of it? You know what, I take back everything I’ve said about Joe not being impressive or talented. I take it all back. Because after this video, I am impressed. I am so impressed that he can spend four weeks on a bathroom and ONLY have this much done. Even working his schedule, I’m impressed. I’m stunned, I have to say, “Good job.” Because, Joe, you impressed me. That’s some real talent to suck this badly. He’s so proud of installing switches… When I was in junior high, we had take like a standard home economics class where we learned sewing and cooking (this was in the 90s but I live in Utah so, it makes sense). But we also learned how to do basic electrical repairs, like changing switches, outlets and replacing fuses. So, Joe’s skills are on par with an 8th grade girl from Utah. “We did all the prep work to get this bitch right.” Couple things: what happened to your “it’s 2021 guys” attitude from yesterday. God dammit, I did it again, I thought Joe was telling the truth, silly me. Secondly, let’s look at this photo, does this look in any way right? Ay dios mio! “You can’t see a fucking seam in this bathroom.” When you put three coats of mud on, I don’t think anyone could see a seam. Oh, we can’t see seams? I beg to differ. Example 1. Example 2. I’m sorry I didn’t mention this sooner, but, what happened to that clawfoot tub? Uh, so, let me get this straight: you have an antique, clawfoot tub, something that most women would LOVE and you take it out to replace it with a generic tub. slow clap Joe, I stand in awe of you. Damon, “You did all that by yourself.” Joe, “Thank you, Damon.” I’ve seen better acting on informercials. Um, this doesn't look right to me, or am I missing something? What can I say? Honestly at a loss for words. Please point out anything I missed or got wrong, I legit don’t know much about construction.


Happy Hump Day, sorry for the delay, I’m in a hotel while my apartment has some work done on it. I know it’s late but unlike Joe, I’m gonna show you the work I’ve done! Why are we focused on the bathroom, Joe? I really want to know what the hell is going on. My suspicion and y’all can write this down. He’s trying some bullshit way to keep people coming back for more videos. Like, if he teases that we’ll see progress, we’ll come back. Yeah, because home renovation shows always just show the start and the end. Damn, Joe ran his mouth for 81 seconds and he’s panting. Well, probably the only cardio he gets. Moving onto the laundry room. I’m so confused. Did he buy a different house? Joe’s sharing lessons with us. Oh boy! I can’t wait to learn from Joe. Psst, Joe, your whole channel is a life lesson. I ask myself “what would Joe do?” And then do the exact opposite. But, you know what, let’s give him a chance to hit us with some knowledge. He’s learning about GFCI outlets. You put them in your wet areas. And the Word of the Day is GFCI, so now he has to say it over and over again. Ok, so the lesson is: read the package to make sure what you buy is actually what you need. I’m going to go out on a limb and say most of us knew that, but thanks, I’ll write that down in my diary. And now he’s whining/ranting about the guy from the city. “Dude’s a bitch.” Ahh, truly the rapier-like wit we’ve come to expect from JPG. “He soft.” Yes, Joe, because in the real world, we solve our problems with our words. And, wait, hold up, YOU are going to call someone soft? Pot meet kettle. Joe picks up a sander, brags about it, seems excited… and we cut to him heading back for lunch. I feel like I could share my day and it’d be more interesting. Or like, just put a GoPro on my dog’s collar for a few hours. He’s more productive than Joe and he doesn’t have thumbs. Now he’s got help… a sex offender. Real talk time, is this the kind of person he should be helping? I understand that rehabilitation and recidivism are real issues and should be addressed but, I’m sorry, there are some crimes that are unforgivable. I’m just stunned. The irony of Joe acting annoyed about someone rambling about nothing is… chef’s kiss Time to watch Joe eat watermelon and drink Mountain Dew. God he’s so fucking gross. Like, panting, chewing with his mouth open, smacking his lips. I can feel myself becoming sterile watching him. And, combine all of that with him talking about a sex offender, it’s just an extra level of creepy. Please, please choke and die on the watermelon. I can’t imagine why he can’t lose weight. “Got a window, not the right size but hope it’s close enough” Um, so now we have to trust that he can seal it? Yikes. And again, you’re telling us about the work. Joe, English 101: show, don’t tell. Please show because when you tell, you sound like you’re running a marathon while trying desperately to pleasure your wife by going down on her. Back to the Home Depot because, surprise, surprise, the window that he says isn’t the right size… wait for it, doesn’t fit. OMG this is great, his measurements were so far off, I guess the old Guerrero eyeball trick doesn’t work. Now he’s filming him discretely, maybe Joe has something in common with him. And a Battlefield song… great. So you’re going to get to the bottom of the sex offender thing tomorrow… but you still pay him for work? Joe, due diligence is done first. I’ve got nothing, like, I’m impressed. You know how some movies are so bad they’re good? I feel like Joe has surpassed that, like, these videos are so bad, there’s still some humor but they’re just awful. Like, even trying to riff on them feels, I don’t know, just off I guess.

All hail the return of our Lard and Savior! Joe, you impress me by actually posting a video before I am fully awake, props. They say absence makes the heart grow fonder, is it true? Will my hatred of Joe be turned around by the power of love? Let’s DIIIIIVVVVVVVEEEEE into this like a falling credit score! Already starting off with complicated math, “Week 2, Month 2, Flip 3” Wasn’t the original goal to do this in two or three months? Whatever, I got my Chick-Fil-A breakfast and a Diet Dr. Pepper on standby, let’s do this! We are 18 seconds in and I almost threw my headset down. “I filled a video for you guys but then I started second guessing…” BULL FUCKING SHIT, you have NEVER second guessed a video you’ve posted. That would imply that you have editorial standards and you don’t. Holy fuck, he’s coming on strong. Ok, it’s Tuesday, you’re good, you can handle this, breathe, just breathe. Ahh, Joe’s panting from exertion while driving and holding up a tub repair kit. It’s like white trash ASMR. I’ve missed it. Also, he bought a full, 40 piece set because he needs two screws. Joe, honey, you go to Lowe’s enough, you do know that you can buy individual screws, right? I can’t imagine why he has money problems. Dear lord, we’re not even a minute in. But you know what? That’s ok, because I’ve got a lot of pent up jokes and rage to share with y’all. Random thought: why is he working on a bathroom when there’s all that other stuff that needs to be done? He’s buying new tools… why not just rent them? Another random thought: I think we can say for sure that Joe has been posting old content, based on his beard (side note: guys, keep that shit trimmed, a messy beard on a fat guy is sooo not sexy. I’ve dated husky guys, if they are put together, they can be super hot.) and the weight gain. He’s doing the job all by himself. He can’t find any help because he can’t find help full-time. Again, Joe, you COULD find full-time help if you, I don’t know, worked full-time. No one wants to work on a washed-up YouTuber schedule of 3 hours here, 3 hours there. They need consistency. A random rant about the two people he actually had working for him. I’d pay good money to interview them. If they’re on here, DM me. Oh, and I for sure want to meet guy number 2. Dude drives by the flip house, takes one look, doesn’t stop and just keeps on driving. Holy shit, I need to go visit this nightmare. Can you imagine how bad it must be if someone who needs work drives by and says, “Nope.”??? He’s rambling about a story about the gas company breaking a line and him and his wife having to rush home, um, why? If I’m away from my house and I get word of a gas leak (and the gas company is already on scene) I’m not running into it. They’re trained on how to shut off power and do all the things needed to not blow up homes. I’m going to call bullshit on that story too. Hey, at least I’ve made it more than six minutes in. I don’t know what I’m going to miss more: roasting Joe or the rampant speculation on where he is? Honestly, that was kinda fun and it made the sub feel much more home-y. Sorry, I’ll stop getting sentimental <3 Quality content: 30 seconds of silence while Joe lets someone pass him. Ok, here it is, 9:35 into the video, finally get to see inside the flip house that he’s been working on for four weeks, every day! God, I’m so turned on from the anticipation! “Nothing has taken place upstairs.” Yup, figured that out when you showed me the nasty carpet that still hasn’t been ripped out. Wait, why are you showing me upstairs? You’ve been ranting and panting (wow, save that name for the name of the Discord server) about all the work you’ve been doing downstairs. Start there. There’s still trash in the rooms. What the hell has he been doing? And now we’re back to you telling the story about your other house?!? God dammit! You’re so lucky I gave my two weeks yesterday so I don’t give a damn about my productivity. Why are you wasting my time Joe? I want to like you, well, I did, but I want to see some content to make fun of. You’re harshing my buzz, bro. Can we go back to the content of you failing to impregnate your wife? At least there’s a good reason we wouldn’t see that work-in-progress. And there’s that teenage boy mentality: he was going to film him yelling at the construction crew supervisors. That’s his first instinct is to just yell and scream. What a fucking child. He had to be talked down by a friend. Why is anyone telling a 40 year old man how to use his words. This should be good, we’re talking about a woman supervisor. She’s only out there because of a “cat-calling problem.” Right, let’s table that for a second. It’s not possible she’s out there because they’ve had issues and she’s good at what she does and is there to help get things back on track? No, she’s out there just to corral the men. Because that’s what we’re good for, right? You sexist, racist bastard. Now, let’s address the fake issue: cat-calling. Joe, you know, we’ve seen photos of your wife. I’m sorry, no one is cat-calling her. Also, don’t you dare try to play the “it’s 2021 and I’m an enlightened male.” Not when we have a back catalog of yours that shows you’re nothing but the worst embodiment of male stereotypes. Today on “Things that Never Happened” Joe says he walks up to the supervisor who asks him how the plumbing is and when Joe says, “it’s mostly alright,” he starts yelling at him. Because that’s a normal human interaction. “Who the fuck are you yelling at, man? Cause I’m ready to take this to a 12.” I’ll take, “Things Joe Thought but Didn’t Say for $1,200, Alex.” God, 13 minutes in and still no doing stuff. “I never mentioned anything about YouTube.” If I wasn’t standing up, I’d have fallen out of my chair. That might be the boldest lie yet… Here’s a sexist drinking game: take a shot every time he says “female supervisor.” HER GENDER DOESN’T MATTER. “I didn’t ask for any of this.” It never ceases to amaze me how much happens to Joe out of nowhere. “I really hope I can show you that bathroom” Cut to Joe eating at his house. You know, maybe Joe is playing us. Maybe he’s betting his wife, “I can post content where I promise to do stuff and they’ll actually watch it.” This is a great camera angle to watch a fat guy eat: angle up with backlighting instead of lighting in the front and a straight on shot. I’m not a professional YouTuber but dude, there are good and bad camera angles. Wait, why isn’t he packing a lunch over to the flip house? He supposedly works there every day, all day? Oh, silly me, I forgot, it’s because he’s lying about that, my bad. “I’m finally ready to mud the bathroom.” That’s what Joe calls: A: Taco Tuesday, B: A sex act him and his wife perform involving the hot gardener or C: All of the above. Keep in mind, no wrong answers. Chugging from a 2 liter bottle of Dr. Pepper. Oh, you lost 8 pounds. Wait, when you put on clothes you weigh 275, up from 267? God, I wish I had a scale, I’d be weighing my clothes to fact check that. Also, remember the thing I said about him not mentioning YouTube as the biggest/boldest lie? Yeah, I’m going to amend that statement. The weight loss is the biggest lie. “My wife making YouTube money, for real.” I mean, if you make $15-20/hour you’re making “Joe YouTube Money”. Still ranting about the supervisor. Also, take another shot for “female supervisor.” “The bathroom has got to be the most work.” Did he buy a different house? I seem to remember some significant flooring issues. But hey, who needs floors, right? “This bathroom is something to be proud of… and I don’t want to show it yet.” I use the same excuse with managers when I’ve been screwing around doing these commentaries instead of building their models or pulling together loan reports, “Oh, yeah, still working on some macros.” So, either you’ve done nothing or you know it’s shit. Lol, he uses 45 minute mud and is shocked that it set in 45 minutes. LOL, you know what, this video was so worth it, if just for that. Wait, what’s this? In the last minute Joe makes a mistake, there’s a “moisture issue.” Oh, I bet there is. Joe, honey, you need to edit before posting. Wow, this was a long post for a video about nothing. Hope everyone enjoys this! <3 <3

Happy Friday to everyone! If you’re American, we have a serious anniversary coming up tomorrow and if you served or know someone who did, thank you. I know things didn’t end the way we wanted them to or how they should’ve ended but that effort wasn’t in vain. Now, let’s watch something tragic and sad: Joe posted a new video. Change is coming down the pike. Yeah, bankruptcy Joe’s excited about 100k views. Joe’s visit was declined. It’s shocking that people don’t want to talk to you Wow, this is quality journalism here. The woman gets on and says she just got back from sentencing and just got her rider and Joe looks like a deer in headlights. He has ZERO clue what is going on. We get it Joe, you took a break. Why are you trying to flex to these women? They’re in prison. It’s such a juvenile attitude that you have to try and look impressive to everyone. Well, everyone who can’t help you. I mean, why try to be impressive to your audience? Or, better yet, why don’t you just do things, produce quality content and let the results speak for themselves. Guys, trust me, women like genuine confidence and success much more than the fake shit. Ew, gross. God damn I need a shower. So, Joe has to call Shellie back on a different tablet and turns to camera and says, “Maybe Samantha realizes she doesn’t want to do this anymore.” However, he says it in such a way that I legit feel like he’s capable of murder, like a “how dare you quit on me?” So fucking creepy. But that’s Joe, if he does anything for you, you owe him an eternal debt. “I see the other girls walkin’ by, they lookin’ and shit.” Said with all the subtlety of a child molester who just got a job at an elementary school. Creep factor aside, how about you interview your guest? And now he’s talking about himself and how he put her information up. Time for you to pay tribute to Joe. I would be so scared for Joe to even hold a door open for me at the store, there’s no telling what he’d want for payment. Such a narcissistic asshole. I love moments like these. They’re discussing the creeps/weirdos that have written to her. Someone in the background says, “Tell him about the random visit.” And she says, “Yeah there’s a guy that randomly visited me and one of my homegirls and just came on way too hard.” Joe wouldn’t know anything about that, would he? Asking about what’s on the TV. God this is just bad. I hope everyone’s having a good week and has some great plans for the weekend. “Do the ladies watch sports in there?” No, Joe, no woman has ever watched sports. This is great: “A lot of women don’t like to watch men run around in tight spandex.” “I can’t understand why that would be a problem, that’s just me thinking about it.” Followed by this face. Come out, come out, wherever you are. Weird, can’t imagine why that popped into my head just now. I love Joe’s faux “I’m a serious journalist listening to you” look where he sucks in his cheeks. They teach that in J-School. And now Joe asks about Samantha. God, how is it Joe isn’t knee deep in prison pussy? (I hate that word but the alliteration was too good to pass up.) Hey, here’s another pro-tip: ask women about other women you’d like to talk to. Wow, and he follows it up with, “I tried to visit her before you.” MY soul is dying from that, yeah, that’s good, let her know that she’s your runner-up. Jesus. Joe decides to give them a taste of the new random stranger concept. He’s going to try playing different characters and, god, I love these women, they hit him with, “You’re gonna be the weird guy.” Bam! And admits he’s actively trying to get people with shitty charges. Good plan, give a platform to those people. The ending of these videos are so terrible. It’s hard to write endings and Joe is the epitome of that. I was about to close out and then he was talking about one of the guys he gave his number to and how they ghosted him. Poor Joe, can’t get no love from the fellas.

Happy Hump Day everyone! We’ve been blessed with not one but two videos so far this week. Still no flip house but Joe said he’s been working so hard on it he’s had to change clothes at least twice a day! And if Joe says it, you can take it to the bank! Speaking of the bank and taking things, wait, yeah, no flip house video. Alright, got to sit through a random stranger video, but I can do this! “I’m going to be honest with, I’ve got to change it up…” No, Joe, keep doing what you’re doing. We’re not here for quality content or growth. Scratch that, we are here to watch your growth (haha, fat jokes are easy) “I’ve got some ideas to revitalize this…” Um, that implies that these were ever vital or exciting and then they dropped off, but you do you, boo. Fuck, we are 29 seconds into this video. My fingers are sore ;) ;) At least I’m not having an existential crisis yet. I do need new shoes though “I don’t feel alive with this” (in reference to the random stranger videos) Imagine how we feel? This is quality content when a creator says, “Yeah, the shit I’ve been doing, even I don’t want to be doing it.” We’re in for a rocky ride, still not at the 1 minute mark. A couple minutes of audio issues, like a white trash Verizon commercial. God, I do not care about this girl getting thrown back in jail for a five year old warrant. Ah, there we go “I’m sure you got a lot of notoriety around there because people know about this.” Yeah Joe, she’s a fucking queenpin in a Wyoming jail because she talks to some broke, washed up YouTuber. Truly, you have made her life better. How is it after two weeks of not doing these that his quality has gotten it worse? Yeah, social media is toxic but Joe is wholesome. … and now we’re waiting for her to show us a bag of coffee. No wonder Joe likes her, she’s just as dull as him. Now Joe’s worried about running out of money on his account. That’s the best part of this, poor Joe can’t even afford to keep calling people. I feel so disappointed and empty inside, this must be how Joe’s wife feels every time she lets him sleep with her: empty, sad and sweaty. This video started so promising and then managed to find it’s way into a quicksand of suck. Remember that book we had to read in elementary school, like, I think it was The Phantom Tollbooth and there was that place they called The Doldrums. That’s this video.

Oh boiiii we’re back with, um, well, not quality content but we’re back with something. I’ve been spending my Labor Day looking for a new job, doing a bit of writing and hanging with my fave DEMFs. And our Lard and Moocher decided to grace us with a video. Not a video of the flip, we’re not that lucky but it is a video that I’m sure wasn’t half-assed. Without further ado (because Joe definitely doesn’t know how to “do” things) let’s go ahead and dive in.We’re starting out on a bad note with a “skit”Promises of explanations, oooh where’s my popcorn?“I needed a break from social media and from everything.” God, this is the Joe I’ve come to know and love. You’re gonna give me this much to work with right off the bat. “I needed a break…” followed by multiple posts on Facebook and Instagram. Yeah, real believable. Whew, we’re at the 58 second mark. Slow down girl “To just regroup and try to gather myself and my thoughts… I was tired of focusing on three different things.” Ok, not even 90 seconds in, um, the “content” you’ve been posting the last few weeks has been you focused? Jesus, Mary and Joseph. No words. “Labor Day is an important holiday in prison, it signifies the end of Summer.” Um, does anyone want to tell him that Labor Day does the same thing outside of prison? No. Ok, good, we don’t want to blow his mind with facts just yet. He’s just coming back from break after all. And he repeats that Labor Day is the end of Summer and that Labor Day is an important holiday. Joe is doing what I used to do in college when I needed to pad my papers: restating bullshit from two or three paragraphs before. I can’t tell you how many papers I wrote, and still write professionally, that use phrases like, “per the previous discussion…”, “Looking back at…” and my fave, “Allow me to restate…” Three minutes in. A dead mouse in the shed. God I’m bored. On a positive note, he’s not panting as much. Now he wants to know if he looks thinner. Joe, honey, we saw the Facebook posts that just happened to get posted while you were on your break. “Sweating’s a good way to burn fat” I mean, yeah, you’ll lose water weight until you drink something, but um, sure. And at five minute mark, we repeat the same “Labor Day is the end of summer”. I need to apologize to my professors who had to read the stuff I did that was like this. Labor Day also means the fall lineup for TV. Um, same thing out here for those of us that watch TV. We’re now eight minutes in and I’ve learned nothing. Ahh, there it is, casual homophobia about guys watching Dance Moms. Yeah, because straight guys can’t watch shitty reality TV. I know it’s a common refrain, but Joe, you can come out at any time. I’ll invite a couple girls over, we can watch “Say Yes to the Dress” and have a good night. Labor Day also means, wait for it friends, but football comes back! Another revelation. Now he’s making up names of the names of various parley tickets.Another good thing is shit talking because that doesn’t happen in the free world either.Two minutes later and the Dance Moms “joke” is back.Ok, speaking of gambling: who thinks we could build an APS madlibs and write  these videos ourselves? We could save Joe a ton of time and “thought” if he could just plug in a random event like “Halloween” great, new video “What is Halloween like in Prison?”. We can sprinkle in some thinly disguised racism and homophobia and bam, we can easily get 30k views.10:30 in, you can do this Aly. Thankfully, these videos are so devoid of content it’s easy to do this.During a random discussion of when Ramadan happens, “I probably shouldn’t speak on things I really don’t know.” Why stop now? That’s been your brand for the last two years.“It’s a 12 inch sausage and I should know.” Joe, see my previous invite to a Say Yes to the Dress party.And now I’m off on a tangent. He’s spending a lot of time discussing food. These jokes continue to write themselves.And discussing women as “bitches” yeah, class act Joe. How a woman would ever hitch her wagon to you is beyond me.I don’t think I’m a prude, but listening to Joe, or any grown man, discussing their masturbatory habits is just kinda gross. Maybe it’d be different if Joe was hot and I’m a hypocrite.“I’ve tried to make this humorous, funny and enjoyable for anybody who watches this video…” And, just like your sperm, it just couldn’t cross the finish line.God and we recap the fact that Labor Day signifies the end of Summer. Alright, another video done. Yeah, I guess it’s neat to view Labor Day in the sense that it’s a way for prisoners to check off time. And dammit, this is what pisses me off about this decline of his. There are these nuggets of good ideas that could be really impactful, fun and insightful videos but the problem is Joe sucks at this. Discussing that, if done well, would’ve been fun. Instead I sit through the video equivalent of a freshman comp class and a high school locker room full of dick jokes. Also, no update on the flip other than he claims he’s been working on it. I guess we’ll see.

Sorry for my absence, I hope this makes up for it. We’ve got ourselves another random stranger visit. Speaking of strangers, anyone been to the flip house? At this point, I’m tempted to apply for jobs in VA just to get an interview and then go visit FH3 and give a live report. Alrighty, gin in hand, let’s do this! Not going to dick around, we’re going to hop right in and we get to watch Joe change camera angles and reposition things. Yeah, same old Joe, you couldn’t stumble your way into good production values. And we’re going to visit with shitty people. We’ve got child abusers and chomos. Maybe Joe can start calling the Taliban? For someone that spent so much time in prison, why does Joe think these people will cop to their charges on camera? God damn, you’re so fucking dumb. You want to be Joe Ross while you interview them? Damn, maybe they will open up to you. You sound exactly like a chomo. Jerry was a black fella, well, guess you fulfilled your diversity quota. And singing while waiting for people to pick up. Remember when Verizon had ring back tones in the early 00s? This is the white trash version of that. Watching a frozen call due to lack of reception. This is quality content, I thought I was watching PewDiePie, Danny Gonzalez or Jenna Marbles. That’s how good Joe is. Joe gets a yes from Brianna and then asks her again if she wants to do the interview. Joe, telemarketing 101, you got a yes, go And now talking about himself. No one cares, Joe. They’re clipping your calls because even the guards are trying to save the prisoners from you. Say what you will about the US prison system, some of these guards have some heart. Yeah, you’re fumbling Joe, that’s why, I don’t know? You edit the fucking video before you post it! Wait, I think I’m onto something, I know why Joe is posting these videos unedited: because this is as hard as he works on these. I’ll bet $20 on your commissary that the raw videos are no more than 10-20% longer than what he posts to YouTube. This lazy fuck is treating this like the future of the channel and is probably spending an hour a day on it. You deserve to fail. Damn, 8:23 into the video and not much has happened. Imagine trying to interview someone when you don’t know them? Yeah, again, telemarketing high school kids in the 90s and early 00s did that, we all know what it was like. Of course, some of us were successful but that’s because we sounded cute and sweet and not like a diabetic old man doing his big bad wolf impression, what with all the huffing and puffing. The only thing getting blown on this channel is some dude behind FH3 by Joe for some plywood sheets. You gotta take care of some wood if you wanna get some wood. (That was a bit of a walk for that joke) Oh, this takes place over multiple days. I have to take back what I said up above. He’s only putting half an hour at most per day into these. Joe, just give it up, go get a blue collar job and kill the channel. Watching a guy call random people and talk aimlessly is making me question my life choices. But you know what? I love this subreddit, y’all are great. Hell, I have a slight crush on Goats, no idea why, but he seems cool. I get why Joe is having to resort to these calls, I mean, there’s NOTHING going on in the world of true crime right now. Haha, dude in the local jail gives him the “I’m not interested” response. Having flashback to high school. And what does Joe do? Like a fucking rookie he decides to try and jump in with a stupid question. There’s panic in his voice, he sounds weak, not in control of the call. Damn, Joe, you’ve been on this call less than a minute and you already his bitch. Do you think Joe would want to be a power bottom? Asking about his case and pending charges. Good plan, did you learn nothing from the last time you did this? No wonder it took you seven years to do three years probation. If I were good at math or cared, I’d love to try and work out the conversion between Eastern Standard Time and JST (Joe Standard Time). It might allow us to plan for FH3 videos instead of yelling for flip videos. I’d love to watch Joe go to Lowe’s. Asking for a sub from a prisoner. Yeah, we’ve reached the bottom. Joe’s blaming static for his bad interview skills. Is anything ever your fault? I get that you’ve got a fragile ego but do you think there could ever be a possibility that SOMETHING, ANYTHING is your fault or hell, even partially your fault? It must be wonderful to be Joe, the perpetual victim, nothing bad that happens is ever his fault and his “successes” are all a result of him alone. It must make what little success he has all the sweeter since he views himself as the downtrodden, the victim, he’s Rudy but if Rudy was also paralyzed and missing a limb. You have an A game? No Joe, these videos are all fails. God, you’d think that the worse the video he uploads, the more content I’d have to make fun of, but nope. This is just a grind. Seriously, something must be wildly fucked at the flip house if this is the content we’re getting. I wonder if one day, he’ll post a video like, “on our way to buy flip number 3!” And try to pretend this didn’t happen.

Something, something, Friday, something, something, Rebecca Black, alright, let’s go. Sorry, I wrote the intro after watching the video and my brain not work so good. “I wonder if we’ll ever get a visit where somebody will be like ‘oh my god are you Joe for real’?” I’m going to guess no, since you’ve decided to venture into the super niche content of: doing bad content that even my hardcore fans don’t like. Bold move, Cotton. Connor looks like he was arrested while he and his cult were starting to gather weapons. AHAHAHAHA told Joe to call him back, that’s awesome! But, our brave Connor has wounded the ego of the wild Guerrero and now, the Guerrero must defend what’s left of its pride, let’s watch! “He had nice hair, I’m not trying to be weird about it.” I mean, if you have to say it… Why would we think it’s weird that you called a young man, in prison, just to chat? Especially when you just exude heterosexuality, what with your constant homophobic rants. Why would we EVER think it’s weird? “It’s just go for gusto.” Not on the flip house though or, well, with anything. Oh, wait, the buffet, I believe you go at that with gusto. Sorry, fat jokes are easy. And he’s calling a 19 year old guy now. Definitely not creepy. “You missed the opportunity of a lifetime. It’s like Simon Cowell just called you.” if I didn’t think he was serious, I’d say that’s some good self-deprecating humor but we KNOW Joe thinks he’s like the prison content Simon. More discussion about the looks of another guy, maybe he’s just trolling me at this point? I don’t know. No Joe, don’t practice ASMR. Or maybe do ASMR. It might make you more tolerable if I can hear you less. Of course your panting might overwhelm it, so you never know. And another discussion of looks on another guy shrug “My name is Joe, I’ve got a YouTube channel and what I do is visit random strangers” I’m guessing that’s the new model for the APS channel. God, how can a 20 minute video be so devoid of content? It’s even hard to snark about it. Oh my god, maybe I’m the Joe of the APS subreddit? Joe’s opening sounds like every high schooler who gets a job telemarketing, it’s awkward and nervous. As someone who did that in high school, he sounds like every newbie, no direction, just panicked to get his script out. That’s why these are so painful. This is a grown man cosplaying as Joe from AT&T Long Distance wanting to talk about our great nights and weekends rates. Joe says “I” a lot. Bad move, it’s easy to know you’re focused on you. I know you’re a Dateline reporter and you know this but you should definitely shift focus onto your guest. Cut to Joe getting three assumptions wrong. Joe, never ask a question you don’t know the answer to. It’s not good content… she says while watching this to riff on and post to a subreddit, get out of here irony! I love the way Joe looks up into a corner, it’s like a child trying to seem thoughtful. Maybe you could try and put some glasses on, maybe get a pipe? Uh oh, this prisoner is preaching personal responsibility. Time to cut the call Joe! You might have to do some self reflection Damn, this guy is kinda interesting, I’d love to talk to him more. It’s too bad Joe can’t interview, oh well. Joe “Wasted Opportunity” Guerrero strikes again! Gah! I want to scream! This guy talks about not wanting to be dependent on the system, wanting to find the root causes of his drug and alcohol problem, wants to share his story and hear other stories, solid stuff. How does Joe respond? “Definitely get out and share your story. And look up After Prison Show when you get out and send me a message, I’ve got a pretty large YouTube channel.” This almost makes me want to start a channel out of spite and re-call Joe’s guests and talk to them. Of course, if I do that, I’ll end up starting a channel where I flip houses or cut lawns, whatever. There’s something so disingenuous about Joe saying someone can achieve something and they need to take advantage of the opportunities. Gotta pause and break the immersion for a sec. The prisoner just asked what the purpose of these visits is. Ok, now, here’s a chance for Joe to hit it out of the park, not make it about himself or something petty. Here we go, going to resume the video. “I just try to help people… I know what it’s like to be in there with support and without support, so I know the $20 on the commissary can help guys…” That’s it, I’m done. And he plugs his website. My soul hurts, my brain hurts. And how he’s able to help people get pen pals. Jesus, no, Joe, you HAVE to be trolling me. Ok, quote time. “With After Prison Show, with what I’ve done, I’ve been home for six years now. I’ve always tried to help people, that hasn’t always worked, but this is the latest thing that I’m doing in some kind of an effort to give back.” Emphasis mine. I mean, if APS is what Joe does to help people, we’d better hope to never get on his bad side. I would say he’s trolling, but there was so much sincerity, I think he believes he’s been helping people. Wow, what a way to start the weekend. Where the hell is the latest flip video? That’s what I want to see.

Ok, new week, new video. Aly, you got this, you can do this. Do you really want to run reports for people who will make decisions regardless of anything you say? No, then good, let’s not be like Joe and focus on the job. It’s 23 minutes “Joe the Thinker” put a pin in that Slow the fuck down Joe, you’re giving me way to much to work with too fucking fast. Names himself “Joe the Thinker” and within 20 seconds has explained that he did a bunch of inside work during the morning, the cooler part of the day generally (can I get a fact check on that?). And is now at the storage unit complaining about the heat advisory. Joe, if you’re reading this, I appreciate you giving me so much. And now he admits it was a dumb idea but, get this, he said he was damned if he did and damned if he didn’t. Because had he gone and worked on Flip 3 early, he wouldn’t have had the energy to do the videos. And that he wouldn’t have put the same amount of effort into these. Joe, you know we SEE the final product you post online. There isn’t much work going into them, but I digress. We’re only a minute in and I need to stop writing because this will be a novel if I don’t pick and choose his stupidity. Gah, and then in a minute admits HE’S NOT GOING TO BE DOING MUCH AT THE FLIP. I swear he does this to make my brain explode. “I don’t know what I’m doing” truer words were never spoken. Now addressing the Hyundai haters. Here’s me being nice to Joe: he knows, on some level, that buying a brand new car was a bad idea. For gits and shiggles, I did a search on AutoTempest for used Teslas in Joe’s area. Those things were going for $38-$42k from the dealer. Joe could’ve easily sold his privately, paid it off and put a fatter down payment on a different vehicle. Or hell, gotten a responsible vehicle like a CPO, but whatever, I digress. Panting and Ranting, that’s the name of Joe’s new podcast. And we’re back in the truck on Friday. He didn’t film in the flip house. We’re five minutes in. Says he got sweaty when he started doing work. Again, these jokes write themselves. Oh and he didn’t do anything. His plan to sharpen the blades on the zero turn is to tie a strap to the ceiling in the storage unit, hang it upside down and sharpen it with a grinder with the blade on. I have no words. Forgetting that there’s, um, two sides to every blade, you know what, I can’t, next! Not going to be working on Flip on Friday. sigh Oh, it’s landscape Friday. At least he’s getting going at 7:45, but he’s got Damon to use. Still doing the random visits, those things are the hill he’s going to die on. Joe’s a regular General Custard at picking bad hills. Then admits the videos he filmed the day before, that were going to be so good it justified working in the heat, weren’t that good. I guarantee we’ll still see them, or I will, whatever. Now we’re back and it’s 7:30 on Saturday morning. Heading to the Flip House. Not going to be doing anything at the Flip even with Damon. But you know what, fuck all you haters for thinking JPGII ain’t getting this house done in two months. Halfway through the video, I should be working. Who’d have thought scripts and spreadsheets would be more interesting. Seriously, Aly, you need a new job, you can’t be having these existential crises. Maybe I could start a commentary channel and just put these into fun animations? I mean, I have no talent but that doesn’t stop Joe. Maybe I could put my English degree to use and be a writer? I need to buy a plant, something to love and care for. Lol, can’t locate the interior water shutoff valve. God this is gonna be good. Oooh, what’s this? Some of that fear is peeking out. Joe says they need to sell the refrigerator because there are unexpected costs mounting him. Joe, honey, you can come out, I swear it’ll be fine. For those keeping score at home, in this video we have one strap-on joke and one being mounted joke. Joe, I give you shit but seriously, it’s cool, it’s 2021, no one cares if you’re gay or bi. The fridge is gone… for $850… wow. The guy talked him down from $1,100 to $800 but Joe beat him up to $850. You know, that’s the third joke about Joe being fucked. Sunday morning, “we ain’t playing around”... “Damon’s already at the flip house” Yeah, Joe, you’re certainly not playing around. I wish I knew more about the construction industry, because it feels like Joe could hire a contractor to do these things faster than him and could then flip more houses. Maybe he’d make up in volume the extra costs incurred by hiring them. Honestly, this is just sad watching an internet has-been piddle away their money. “I don’t plan on working all day” God, it’s hard to come up with extra lazy jokes. “Next week is grind time.” See above, I’m kinda at a loss. “There was a funky smell in the kitchen” That was you Damon’s done a lot of work. And another Lowe’s run. Now he’s thinking about reusing the cabinets. We’re not two weeks in and he’s already looking to cut corners. I’m guessing the lumber prices shocked him. And we are at the 19:03 mark in a 23:23 video with the first footage of Joe actually working. And the camera fell, lol. He somehow moves slower in sped up footage than in normal mode. Never mind, back to normal speed and the stove has been moved. And now I’m watching Joe supervise Damon in high speed. At the 21:40 mark, the only thing that’s been done is one cabinet has been removed and they’ve trashed the stove. Ostensibly because it was missing a switch on the front. Right, because you can’t possibly buy replacement switches. Joe the Thinker everyone. Cut to all the cabinets being removed. More dead tree frogs and plenty of flies. God these are painful. I’m going to go for a walk and then take a shower. I feel dirty, like my soul has been stained with the sweat of Joe.

The hell is this shit Joe? You’re uploading videos while I’m getting into work? If you think that’s going to stop me, you’re wrong, WFH4Life, son. Saw the thumbnail, spoiler alert, the Tesla and Joe’s sperm count have one thing in common: they’re both gone! With that being said, let’s go ahead DIIIIIVVVVVEEEEE into the sterile pond that is this content. The odds are against you? Nope, that’s your laziness, you control that. Not even a minute in and he’s whining about hurting. Said his body isn’t letting him work like he used to. No, Joe, again, that’s YOU and your terrible choices. And we’ve got new merch… whatever He’s got a list of things for them, er, Damon to do. AHAHAHAHAHA $70 to fill up his truck and he didn’t factor in fuel costs into his budget. God damn. He doesn’t think he’ll need to do the roof so he’s got an extra $5k, sure, ok. Damon’s already over there working. But Joe had to go to Lowe’s (of course) to pick up 2x4s and is shocked at the cost of wood. I wish I lived in his world where I didn’t have to pay attention to things. And a discussion of permits. These responses are getting more and more frequent, I can’t wait for the video “Fuck all of y’all! (I didn’t want to make this video).” Ahh, that explains the early upload: Joe needs a day off to recuperate. He’s worked almost 12 hours this week! “Forgive me for not filming much” yeah, I didn’t want to watch Damon work while you pant and wheeze. And anything to keep these videos short, I appreciate. “You’ve got to pay everybody $15/hour” yeah, Joe, construction payroll costs are high, well, when you’re not hiring drug addicts. Here it comes: the Tesla reveal!! God, I’m so turned on, where’s my wand? He’s got to get rid of the Tesla. First thing he says, “it’s not because I can’t afford it.” Joe, honey, when people say things like that, or things like, “it’s not about the money.” It’s definitely that you can’t afford it. (Dropping out of my sarcasm for a second: Joe, use this as a learning experience, learn to budget, focus on doing quality things and you can recover.) It’s not a practical car? Duh? It’s a compact car. Oh and there are no other Teslas he can buy right now. He’s replacing his impractical Tesla for a crossover. I mean, I guess it’s more practical. I love that he’s buying a new vehicle, hello depreciation. Something practical = $40,000 car. You could buy from a rental fleet, a CPO, whatever, but no used cars for Joe. Now Damon is working on the mower. Maybe we’ll find out the issues with it. Using the barrel of a gun as a cheater bar… I’m done. I can’t. Listening to him talk about the Tesla is like the broken, drunken guy at the end of the bar telling you he used to be someone. He used to be famous. He used to be rich, but now, he’s here, drinking $2 drafts. Oh, now he’s mad at Elon because of how he talks about crypto. Dude, you made bad choices, own it for once. “We’re flipping cars.” Oh, yes, please, let’s do this!!! Yes, start that Joe. Oh, you know this hurts him inside, “Never thought I’d be driving a Hyundai”. I love when his ego shows through.

Happy Wednesday to y’all. Unlike our Joe & Savior, I’m sure we’re all excited to have reached midway through our work weeks! It’s all downhill from here, fam! Truly a gift from below, Joe has provided us all with sustenance. For when I was wandering that comedy desert, the Joe gave me mana to eat. Oh god, he’s starting at 8?!? Mad props, you’re working like the rest of us. Damon is along for the ride. Joe thinks they’ll get a lot done, er, Damon will get them done. Rambling about the windows. Bruh, the FLOOR, forget the windows for now, you have FOUNDATIONAL issues. He thinks we’ll be surprised how far into the beginning he’s going to get this week. He wants to keep the fridge for himself. Trash class Joe, never change. Bruh, you need money, sell the damn thing to help your budget. You need to learn long term thinking. Back at the house and he’s panting already. This is great, he’s showing Damon the attic. Um, what about the FLOOR? And Damon is clearing things out from the attic while Joe talks. I imagine Joe must be happy to have someone to do work for. Now he’s taking a break to show us the things pulled from the attic. He’s going to keep the coveralls, I doubt they cover all with Joe, maybe cover mosts? Joe’s got a cough, I bet. Back up in the attic and Damon is working while Joe narrates and pants, narrapants? Complaining about his knee. OMG you can’t make this up, he legit sounds like Peter Griffin grabbing his knee. Between the cough (which is probably covid), his back (with a bulging disc) and now his knee, Joe needs to be awarded a medal. Seriously, if you served, you haven’t seen the kind of combat at pain that JPG has. I’d vote to give him three Purple Hearts. Panting and wheezing from changing a filter. Maybe he stopped his ASMR channel? There’s got to be a few people who would listen to panting and whispering. Rummaging through trash like a raccoon digging, a wheezing, panting raccoon. Cut to 11am. Joe was unable to sell the fridge for $900, he blames the house. Ok, sure. We’re going on a field trip to Lowe’s!!! Uh oh, Joe’s got a flat tire, good thing Damon is here to fill it up. Back to the house and into the master bedroom. Painted floor and full of waves, like the ocean. Guess that’s another floor that needs to be fixed. Farewell budget, we barely knew ye. Joe is complaining about the price of plywood. $53/sheet of plywood. Complaining that it’s more than double the price of the second flip. Joe, where have you been? There has been talk of inflation in all sorts of commodities for the last 8 months. B of A legit released a report talking about “transitory hyperinflation”. Of course, this is a JPG trademark, jump in without knowing a damn thing. God, it was just last entry where we said good bye to your budget. Joe is amazed how PODS get moved… No comment. “We been working” Sure you have. Oh, your jeans are dirty? Well, yeah, that’s what happens when you do some work. It’s not an achievement. … some guy asked Joe what to use for subflooring and Joe told him what he uses. God damn, the blind leading the blind. And now he’s rambling, panting and sweating… hmm, RPS has a nice ring to it. Joe needs to learn how to end these videos. The last three minutes, I’m just bored and I don’t care. Joe, make me care! Hope y’all enjoyed this. It looks like he’s burning through BK’s money and based on his reactions to the cost of lumber, this is only going to get better.

A video two days in a row! Our lord hath granted us a gift! I seriously love all of y’all. You make suffering through Joe’s bullshit worth it. Honestly, it’s sad that Joe is such a tool, this place would be an amazing fan subreddit. Trying to line up help, lol And already out of breath by showing us around the kitchen. All jokes aside, Joe, I know you read these. Seriously, go to the doctor and put down the shit food. Some of the window sizes are unique and he can’t find them. How’s that budget looking now? And he’s over budget on cabinets lol Looks like his wife is actually working. Such a stud, Joe He keeps talking about how bright things are. Yes, Joe, things are brighter with sunlight and open windows. Most of us learned that early in life. Now he’s wowed by the fact that carpet in a low traffic area is cleaner than a high traffic area and he says, and dear lord I wish I was making this up, “I don’t understand that.” Truly one of life’s greatest mysteries. Rambling shout outs to people that may or may not exist, IMO. Or maybe these are people he follows on Instagram or YouTube. Why the haters. Lol, now we’re talking about trolls. Can someone confirm that someone actually said, “i’ll be you only see a profit of $20k”? That sounds like something he made up. But this is a good way to spend your time instead of working. Side note: my new goal is to be called out by Joe. He’s going to try and get more carpet up and cut the grass. Must’ve slipped back in the disc. Jesus, more panting and sweating and all he’s done is call out a guy on Facebook and take us through two rooms. He’s so gross, fun fact: I dated a guy years ago who was like this (it was a bad time in my life) and he would get worked up and have like a slimy coating of sweat on his body, so fucking nasty. Definitely getting some Post Traumatic Sweat Disorder. Time to see what’s in the attic!! And now he’s winded from going up the stairs and onto the ladder. It’s too easy. No Joe, I don’t want to “ride on big daddy chest.” No, bad touch. I need an adult! I don’t know you! That’s my purse! Wow, what a let down, it’s just a messy attic. But I did get to listen to him pant and wheeze walking a few steps. There was definitely water damage, according to Joe. I think we all knew that, what with all that black mold. We’re 18 minutes in and Joe has done nothing. But now he’s going to go downstairs to look at tearing up flooring. Based on how sweaty he is and how hard he’s breathing, you’d think he’d have gone for a run. Honestly, I feel bad for his wife. Sis, girl, it’s ok. Let’s go get a Starbucks, I know a few single guys. Removing some of the floor reveals what looks like rotted subflooring and a gigantic hole. I’m not sure, but it almost looks as wide as Joe’s mouth at a buffet. Wow, yeah, that wood is rotted through. “I wasn’t expecting it to be this bad.” You can’t make this stuff up. If I turned in a story like this to my creative writing profs, they’d send it back with red sharpie saying “see me after class.” “Their solution was to floor over top of it.” Yeah, that’s why it’s called a SUBfloor. Sub: it’s not just a sandwich, it also means below. “I didn’t do shit upstairs.” Yeah, we know. Sure, you told us you were going to remove the pad and then immediately cut to you admitting you didn’t do anything. I’m shocked. Oh, but you listed the playset and the trampoline for sale and you edged the yard… And now he’s going to show us how he uses a weedwhacker. Great, more sped up footage. Oh and back to eating. Watching the dumpster get unloaded was the most work that was accomplished. Wrapping up at 1pm after getting there at 9. I have no words. Insert your own joke here. Oh my god, he actually cleared out some carpet. Yeah, all you haters can kiss his ass, this flip getting done in a month! All the subfloor needs to be replaced. Yeah, Joe, we said that. Seriously, you could hire the subreddit as your advisor and we could save you some time. I mean, you wouldn’t want to because we’d want you to work, but hey, if you need help, why don’t you slide into my DMs just the way Peaches slid into your junies… Hope you enjoyed this summary. Seriously, thank you for giving me a good laugh.

Oh boy, here we go! Flip #3! I don’t know what it is about these videos, they’re simultaneously the greatest and worst things imaginable. 9:20 in the AM, yeah, you’re really early. Such a go-getter. Ahahahahaha, running to Lowes first, never change Joe. Addressing black mold. “There is some black mold” understatement of the year. Fun fact, full-house black mold remediation is between $10-30k. “I don’t have to disclose a damn thing” Oh, he’s dropping f-bombs in 2.5 minutes in, I’m guessing the YouTube and Reddit comments are getting to him. “If there’s an issue in the house, I’m gonna get it corrected.” Hey Siri, set a reminder for 3 months from now when Joe is painting over black mold. It may need a whole new roof and that’s “factored into the budget” um, how? My parents put on a roof for $10k and it was just a re-shingle job. Oh god this is gonna be good. “Watch this house go way smoother than the first or second one because mahh wife is heavily involved.” Hey Siri, set another reminder for me $29,820 for the budget… Siri, you still working? First Lowe’s receipt AND the first instance of him panting like my dog after we run around the park. We don’t have faith because we don’t think he’ll do it in three months. I guess we’re really getting to him. Um, Joe, honey, we base that on the fact that you abandon everything, you half-ass everything and are incredibly lazy. It’s not like we’re saying it just because we’re assholes. A bird in the flip house… AHAHAHAHAHA He’s winded from walking up and down the stairs. “We have no idea how the bird got in here” Um, that giant fucking hole in the window? God, Joe makes me feel like a genius when I watch him. Almost like I got a STEM degree and my parents loved me instead of a history degree. Oh well. “The only way the bird could’ve got in here is through the hole in the floor downstairs” Wait, there’s a hole all the way through the floor downstairs? God, he’s such a sweaty mess just walking through the pantry. So his first priority is getting the AC working, of course it is. Shut up about the bird. And he’s going to store tools at the house… that’ll end well. Whoa, he managed to speed up footage of him and his wife cleaning the pantry. Not only am I impressed by this new editing skill, I’m impressed that even at 10x normal speed, Joe still looks slow. His wife is doing most of the work, of course. The fridge is cleared out but not cleaned out. Oooh, a cons list: bugs in the bathroom, dead tree frog in the freezer, bird in the house. Hmm, still no idea how things are getting in. Joe, don’t be throwing shade at them for a dirty sink, we’ve seen your kitchen. God I’m 11 minutes in Joe slipped a disk in his back… who was it that was saying this was a play for disability, I owe you a coke. Also, I’m sure that won’t be used to avoid work during this project. Joe legit just slobbered while speaking. I gagged harder watching that than the first time I went down on a guy. Running into multiple soft spots in the floor throughout the house. Hello new subfloor! I’m halfway through, my soul hurts. He watched a video “with some Hispanic folks” about doing carpet, I guess they made it look easy. Um, Joe, 5 Minute Crafts makes bullshit look easy. Professionals make things look easy… because they’ve spent years working at it. The only thing you’ve managed to stick with for years was being locked up. Already out of breath and he hasn’t even cut up a piece of carpet. Now he realizes the windows are shit. Duh, bro. And now we watch him pull up carpet. Dude, put the camera down and work. “Had to take a major break after doing the carpet.” I know, pulling up carpet from a 10x12 room is hard work. You deserve to take the rest of the day to recover. “Was I expecting to get all the carpet up with my bad back.” You know, you may actually have a bad back, the problem is, you’ve lied and lied and lied, so, unless I see the bulging disc, I don’t believe you. “Mahh wife has got this fridge really clean” and opens the second drawer and it’s dirty. God damn this is great. “What we spent the most amount of time doing was looking at the kitchen layout.” Truth, I believe you, 100% Watching him talk about all the things wrong with the kitchen cabinet situation, you can see reality is threatening to break into that thick skull of his. He’s starting to realize that maybe this is going to be much more work than he thought… and now he’s talking $4,200 to redo the entire kitchen, um, ok. Jesus, listening to him talk about remodeling the kitchen is just painful. It’s so obvious he has no idea what to do. He wants to rip out all the lights and replace them all with “can lights”... I guess, I’m not an electrician but it seems like if you’ve got three different lights in one room (and they all appear to be on different switches) that’s gonna be an issue. Now he’s rambling about how confident he is. Joe, honey, who are you trying to convince, us or yourself? Oh, now the goal is 2 months, maybe 3. God damn, this is gonna be awesome to watch. I’m gonna get so much writing practice out of this. AHAHAHAHA he wants to do it in 2 months just to show us he can do it. That’s a good motivation: do it faster to prove to the trolls/DEMFs that you aren’t reckless and idiotic. Good plan! And talking about his back again, while walking around holding a camera. I’m gonna press X to doubt. And the last shot of the video is him getting down on his knees to look at a vent. Overall, this was a painful experience. He managed to kinda get some carpet out and kinda get things cleaned BUT he did get a lot of looking done, so there’s that.

When I was a kid, I wanted to be a doctor. Instead, I became a masochist who watches JPG make an ass out of himself and provides color commentary. I think 10 year old me wouldn’t be too disappointed. Let’s go ahead and DIIIIIIVVVVVVEEEEEEE into this failure pool! Wanted to get dressed up for the occasion and dress for the job he wants… Hmm, he’s definitely got the look for “overweight flailing YouTuber” look down. God, he’s panting just talking about getting the cashier’s check. Bruh, at this point, it’s too damn easy to make fun of your weight. “I don’t usually like talking about my money” What the actual fuck? Dude, the last two to three years have been you flexing like a 13 year old boy with self esteem issues in the mirror. I guess self-delusion knows no bounds. $30k for the rehab… ahahahahaha ok, you know we saw the walkthrough, but ok. Eating buttery grits because “Joe can’t lose no weight, no matter how much he tries.” You don’t try!!! Gah! And now I get to watch him eat and hear the sounds. I’m so grossed out. 10 year old me is becoming more and more disappointed. I’m sorry younger me. Oh, he’s proud of himself… for what? “You can do any of this shit I’m doing. You just have to work hard.” Yes, Joe, I could work one day a week for three hours and try to run a failing YouTube channel, but I have loftier goals, like, you know, retiring, finding a husband, being able to buy a top of the line Tesla. But hey, you’re an inspiration. And some rambling about going to the bank to get a check, talking about the closing. Oh wait, he admits he’s worried that there was no appraisal, no inspection. But he knows what it’s worth. That’s the Joe we know and, well, not love, but that’s our Joe! God, I could cum from just thinking about all the surprises that are going to pop up. Hitachi needs to make a wand that runs on Joe’s failures. OMG the Tesla is back!!! Wow, is it a rental? Oh Joe, none of the people were talking about you. And now I got a close up of his wife’s ass… Joe’s way too excited about the food being left in the fridge and pantry. Of course. God, these jokes just write themselves. Haha, the seller took the appliances from the laundry room. Wow, that’s a lot of mold and water damage. They left the tub… um, yeah, of course they did, who the hell would take their tub with them? Maybe if it was a nice tub I’d keep it. What am I talking about? God, Aly, get your shit together, focus. I do like the way Joe’s heavy breathing provides an air of menace to these shots. It’s like a master class in horror film. Floor is wavy and there are soft spots, well, that’s not good. I wonder how much water damage has actually happened to have that much black mold and to warp a wood floor? Joe pokes black mold with his hand… wow, just wow. There’s literal shit in multiple rooms. God, this is gonna be a shitshow. There’s just mold everywhere. How is it, with a house this bad, that I’m bored watching him ramble? Honestly, want to start counting his respirations per minute. Maybe it’d be a nice drinking game. Now mahh wife is bouncing on a trampoline… Found a bottle of moonshine… please drink it, that’ll be good for views Thinks it can be turned around in three months… I don’t know if that’ll happen, I mean, with all the yardwork he does, how will he have time to work on the house? He must’ve taken an online “become a real estate investor” class because there’s a look of fear in his eyes but says there are plenty of opportunities. Oh, there are opportunities for failure, that’s for damn sure. Joe wants to eat the food. And he looks upset that the food is going to be donated. Poor Joe. AHAHAHAHAHAHA almost fell through the floor. Oh, Joe, this is gonna be one bad surprise after another. Thank goodness, this will be good content. In closing, I'm so glad Joe bought this house. If this isn't the nail in the JPG empire, I don't know what else could be.

Fuck me, here we go again. Please save yourselves from having to watch this god-awful video. Ok, we are starting off the video with Joe already winded from loading the truck and getting in… Seriously? Do you not move, like ever? After more than a minute and a half we’re still treated to him gulping for air like a fish trying to breathe in pudding. Wants to be able to “work the shit out of Drunkman” because and I swear to God this is a quote, “because I work the shit out of myself…” Now I know Joe reads the subreddit, this has to be a way to cause me to rip my hair out. I mean, this is after you get winded working for an hour, take more than 24 hours to recover from it and less than 3 days after posting a video of how fat you are. I want to be this unaware. “Good workers are hard to find.” Yeah, definitely none on this channel. Bitching about the weather, start earlier you dumbass. Would’ve have gone into the home to cut off the water. I can’t imagine why the homeowners don’t want you having access to their home. Flip 3 Update Not closing on it until next week to get the seller out of the house… god dammit, I wanted to see how Joe would deal with renters during the monatorium And back to the landscaping, he didn’t film it but claims they both busted their asses. I’mma press X to Doubt on that. If he had worked hard, you know damn well that’d be on tape to prove to the haters that he works. And now he’s panting and gulping for air while talking. Like let me be honest, when I was out of shape, I got winded easily but walking, then running fixed that. The fact that I now have something in common with Joe makes my soul hurt. Another GoPro dropping while grinning into the camera looking like he wants to do horrible things to my body. Even through the screen, I can feel his eyes on my body. I want, no, need a shower. Can’t undo a tie down strap without “injuring” himself. Yeah, you ripped all the skin off, just like I broke my leg when I stubbed my toe. And he thinks he’ll need a tetanus shot, well, whatever excuse you need to not work, I guess. And now we have more seconds than I’d like with the camera pointed at his gut, watching it jiggle, it’s almost hypnotic. “I’ll be the first to tell you I don’t take care of the equipment, at all.” Yeah, we know. But all kidding aside, why the fuck aren’t you? It’s supposedly your livelihood or at least a part of it. Man, blink 182 was right, no one likes you when you’re, well, whatever age you are and you act like a child. “My philosophy is to run that shit into the ground and next season sell it and buy a new one.” So your goal is to perpetually have payments on things, cause we all know you didn’t pay cash for it. You do realize that if you don’t do that, your costs of doing business go down? And he’s winded climbing up to sit on the lawn mower. Bent blade and he keeps running the mower to hear it clank. I’ve never done commercial lawn care, but it seems to me that you shouldn’t be running over things that can bend a commercial grade blade, but I’m just a DEMF. More rambling and panting. Now I’m bored. Why is this content? The lawn mower engine sounds so fucking rough. “Hey Joe, why don’t you look up under there? Because I don’t want to.” Yeah, why take care of your work equipment? The last minute of the video, it the camera pointed straight up, could be titled, “POV: you’re mahh wife and I’m about to try and have sex with you.” It’s how I imagine it’d be, less than a minute long, a ton of panting, gallons of sweat pouring on my face and feeling like it’d be a blessing if I died.

I think we've all known someone who can never admit their faults and tries to find any and all justifications for their behavior, no matter how shitty. Well, that's all I'm taking away from this. So let me save you some time and break the recap into two parts: Joe's Thesis and Joe's Evidence. Part 1: Joe proceeds to ramble for nearly 15 minutes that this is an introduction and that he wants to set the scene. Notable takeaways: Maybe I'm the problem (ya think?) I hate these type of videos (but my channel views are down and I'm more desperate than a heroin addict) I hate drama (haha, no, you thrive on chaos) Multiple instances of sarcastically stating and asking if he's the problem (could you at least attempt sincerity? Jesus, I've seen better acting on Public Access) Claims that he has high standards and principles, haha, holy shit, I need to quote this directly: "I stand by these principles, these morals, these standards" Uses the word "ironic" with no understanding of irony then, actually states, "A person’s true colors come out when they’re scorned, when they’re mad, when they’re butthurt". AHAHAHAHA, you can't make this shit up. I know what he was going for but damn, bruh, I'm going to go with a bit of actual honesty slipped out. "I'm not trying to make you feel one way or another" Then why the fuck are you doing this video? I mean, we all know why, but maybe don't say it. Part 2: This is the part I struggled through. After he admits that he's PAID Gelico for his appearance, I kinda checked out. The next 45 minutes start with Gelico stating that he agrees with Joe and that Joe's done the right things or is always trying to do the right things and that Joe built APS by himself, blah, blah, blah. I got nothing else, I hate that I watched it twice. But maybe this foretells that we're going to have APS go down in flames spectacularly instead of going out with a whimper
